Saatva Adjustable Base Plus
https://saatva.com/furniture/adjustable-base-plus
Saatva Adjustable Base Plus DETAILS:
Home Furniture Saatva Adjustable Base Plus slide page 1 of 5 Free delivery & setup  24/7 customer service 25-year warranty  Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Our deluxe adjustable base with even more customized comfort options $1,599 $1,299 Save $300 Select Size Specs Select Size [object Object] [object Object] [object Object] [object Object] [object Object] [object Object] [object Object] [object Object] [object Object] [object Object] Twin $1,249 Twin XL $1,299 Full $1,399 Queen $1,599 King $2,095 Split King $2,598 Cal King $2,598 Split Cal King $2,598 Queen Upper-Flex $2,498 King Upper-Flex $2,598 Select Quantity 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 This deluxe version of our adjustable base not only gets you in the perfect position for weightless sleep, it has added features like full-body massage to elevate your comfort to the next level. Also perfect for reading, working, or just relaxing in bed. Subtotal $1,599 $1,299 Add 1 Item to Cart Your Cart 0 items were added to your cart View Cart Proceed to Checkout Pair with a mattress and get an extra $100 off Free delivery & setup  24/7 customer service 25-year warranty  Features & Benefits Features & Benefits Elevates head and feet for customized comfort Easy-to-use wireless remote control Quiet and discreet motor is housed away from sight to keep you peaceful and clutter free Zero-gravity preset instantly adjusts for perfectly balanced, weightless support at the touch of a button Anti-snore preset elevates the head 7° to open up airways and reduce snoring Full-body wave, head & leg massage with three speed options Under-bed lighting plus a built-in remote flashlight lights your path at night Zero-clearance design allows the base to be used without legs on platform bases * Adjustable bases are lifestyle products and are NOT eligible for returns or exchanges. Dimensions Dimensions Twin - 38" W x 75" L Twin XL - 38" W x 80" L Full - 54" W x 75" L Queen - 60" W x 80" L King/Split King - 76" W x 80" L Cal King/Split Cal King - 72" W x 84" L Adjustable legs go up in half-inch increments for bed height options of 13" to 18" Compatibility Compatibility Bed Frames Compatible with all Saatva bed frames except for the Sydney, Halle Storage Platform and Halle Storage Bed To pair your Saatva adjustable base with a non-Saatva bed frame, contact the manufacturer to make sure it's compatible with an adjustable base. Mattresses Compatible with the following Saatva mattresses: *To pair your Saatva adjustable base with a non-Saatva mattress, contact the manufacturer to check if it's compatible with an adjustable base. Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring (11.5-inch height only) Loom & Leaf Ultra-Premium Memory Foam Saatva Latex Hybrid Zenhaven Latex Solaire Adjustable Memory Foam Hybrid Saatva Rx Features & Benefits Elevates head and feet for customized comfort Easy-to-use wireless remote control Quiet and discreet motor is housed away from sight to keep you peaceful and clutter free Zero-gravity preset instantly adjusts for perfectly balanced, weightless support at the touch of a button Anti-snore preset elevates the head 7° to open up airways and reduce snoring Full-body wave, head & leg massage with three speed options Under-bed lighting plus a built-in remote flashlight lights your path at night Zero-clearance design allows the base to be used without legs on platform bases * Adjustable bases are lifestyle products and are NOT eligible for returns or exchanges. Dimensions Twin - 38" W x 75" L Twin XL - 38" W x 80" L Full - 54" W x 75" L Queen - 60" W x 80" L King/Split King - 76" W x 80" L Cal King/Split Cal King - 72" W x 84" L Adjustable legs go up in half-inch increments for bed height options of 13" to 18" Compatibility Bed Frames Compatible with all Saatva bed frames except for the Sydney, Halle Storage Platform and Halle Storage Bed To pair your Saatva adjustable base with a non-Saatva bed frame, contact the manufacturer to make sure it's compatible with an adjustable base. Mattresses Compatible with the following Saatva mattresses: *To pair your Saatva adjustable base with a non-Saatva mattress, contact the manufacturer to check if it's compatible with an adjustable base. Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring (11.5-inch height only) Loom & Leaf Ultra-Premium Memory Foam Saatva Latex Hybrid Zenhaven Latex Solaire Adjustable Memory Foam Hybrid Saatva Rx Upgrade your comfort with the touch of a button Full body massage Head Massage: 3 intensities of vibrating massage for the top half of your torso* Full-body wave massage: 3 intensities of vibrating massage for your entire body* Foot/leg massage: 3 intensities of vibrating massage for your lower torso* *Massage automatically shuts off after 15 minutes. Wall-hugging design As the Saatva Adjustable Base Plus changes position, the space between the wall and the base stays the same, keeping your side tables within reach. Only available in the standard (non-Upper-flex) option. Under-bed lighting Provides soft lighting without disturbing the peace, perfect for middle-of-the-night bathroom or kitchen trips. More functions In-remote flashlight: Your remote doubles as a mini flashlight to help you find your way around in the dark. Safety lock/unlock: Prevents accidental button presses. Head & Foot up & down: Elevate and lower the head & foot of the bed incrementally. Head up preset: Elevates the head of the bed to its maximum height with one touch. Flat preset: Lowers the bed back to its flat position with one touch. Anti-snore preset: Elevates the head of the base 7° to open up airways and reduce snoring Zero-gravity preset: Feel like you're floating in weightless comfort with one-touch, perfectly balanced head & foot support. Memory preset: Save your favorite positions for sleeping, watching TV, or just relaxing. Elevate your comfort with our adjustable base Designed for weightless sleep and effortless relaxation, our adjustable base helps you make the most of your precious time in bed. See compatibility details A side-by-side comparison of Saatva adjustable bases Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Starting at $1249 Shop Now Saatva Adjustable Base Starting at $1045 Shop Now Elevates head and feet Wireless remote Zero-clearance design removeable legs Whisper-soft motor Full-body massage  Wall-hugging design standard option only  Upper-flex option head moves independently on both sides  Anti-snore preset  Zero-gravity preset  Memory preset  Under-bed Lighting  Our adjustable bases are compatible with these Saatva mattresses Most Popular Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring* 11.5” height only Solaire Adjustable with 50 Firmness Options Loom & Leaf Ultra-Premium Memory Foam Zenhaven Dual-Sided Natural Latex Saatva Latex Hybrid Natural Latex Hybrid Innerspring Memory Foam Hybrid Cooling Premium Memory Foam & Innerspring Saatva Rx Designed for Chronic Back & Joint Conditions Most Popular Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring* 11.5” height only Solaire Adjustable with 50 Firmness Options Loom & Leaf Ultra-Premium Memory Foam Zenhaven Dual-Sided Natural Latex Saatva Latex Hybrid Natural Latex Hybrid Innerspring Memory Foam Hybrid Cooling Premium Memory Foam & Innerspring Saatva Rx Designed for Chronic Back & Joint Conditions Most Popular Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring* 11.5” height only slide page 1 of 7 Specifications FAQs Frequently asked questions Dimensions Saatva Adjustable Base Plus comes in the following standard base sizes: Twin Twin XL Full Queen King Cal King 38" x 75" 38" x 80" 54" x 75" 60" x 80" 76" x 80" 72" x 84" Twin 38" x 75" Twin XL 38" x 80" Full 54" x 75" Queen 60" x 80" King 76" x 80" Cal King 72" x 84" Height The Saatva Adjustable Base Plus has adjustable legs that go up in half-inch increments for bed height options of 13" to 18”. Note that your total bed height will depend on the height of your mattress and any additional mattress topper. No returns or exchanges Adjustable bases are NOT eligible for returns or exchanges. Each adjustable base is a lifestyle product that is configured and assembled specifically to order. Weight Limit Saatva adjustable bases have a total max weight capacity of 850 pounds. Compatibility Mattresses Saatva adjustable bases work with mattresses that are designed to flex without shifting the inner materials or weakening the structure. They're compatible with the following Saatva mattresses: Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring (11.5-inch height only) Loom & Leaf Ultra-Premium Memory Foam Saatva Latex Hybrid Zenhaven Latex Solaire Adjustable Memory Foam Hybrid Saatva Rx To pair your Saatva adjustable base with a non-Saatva mattress, contact the manufacturer to check if it's compatible with an adjustable base. Bed Frames & Platform Beds Saatva adjustable bases are compatible with all Saatva bed frames except for the Sydney solid platform bed frame. To pair your Saatva adjustable base with a non-Saatva mattress, contact the manufacturer to check if it's compatible with an adjustable base. King size options Standard King: The head and foot of both sides of the mattress adjust up and down in sync Upper-Flex King: Pairs exclusively with our Solaire Upper-Flex mattress Gives each sleeper the freedom to raise the head of the mattress independently Split King: Pairs exclusively with a Split King mattress (2 twin XL mattresses combined) Gives each sleeper the freedom to raise the head and the feet of the mattress independently Delivery & setup Sit back and relax while we do all the work. Our free white glove delivery includes in-room delivery and set up. Warranty Saatva Adjustable Base Plus comes with a 25-year warranty, which includes full coverage for the first 5 years. +