Memory Foam Hybrid Mattress
https://saatva.com/mattresses/memory-foam-hybrid
Memory Foam Hybrid Mattress Sizes: ['Twin', 'Twin XL', 'Full', 'Queen', 'King', 'Split King', 'Cal King']
Memory Foam Hybrid Mattress DETAILS:
Home Mattresses Memory Foam Hybrid Click to zoom slide page 1 of 5 365-night home trial  Free delivery & setup  Lifetime warranty  Free mattress removal  Memory Foam Hybrid Mattress Our innovative memory foam & innerspring hybrid for cooler sleep $1,795 $1,495 Save $300 Select Size Specs Twin Twin XL Full Queen King Split King Cal King Learn more Add Foundation or Adjustable Base Save up to $100  Foundation Adjustable Bases Add Foundation, Current price: $315 Original Price: $345 Durable hardwood construction provides better support than a box spring. Choose height  4.75" 8.75" Add Metal Frame, $129 Steel brace holds foundation and supports mattress. Sits 7.5″ off ground. Mattress cannot sit directly on frame. Memory Foam Hybrid is compatible with most foundations, box springs, platform beds, and adjustable bases. Saatva Adjustable Base $1,245 Our premium remote-controlled base elevates head and feet for customized comfort. No foundation (or boxspring) required. Featuring: Zero-clearance design, can be used without legs on platform bases. Slim profile virtually disappears underneath the mattress Quiet motor Upgrade for $254 more Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Current price: $1,499 Original Price: $1,599 Our deluxe adjustable base elevates head and feet, plus more customized comfort options. No foundation (or boxspring) required. Additional Features: Full-body massage Preset positions Under-bed lighting Wall-hugging design (in Standard option) Adjustable base is only compatible with 11.5" Memory Foam Hybrid. We have adjusted your selection. Organic Mattress Pad  Queen +$265 Our luxurious diamond-patterned mattress pad in 100% organic cotton is the ultimate in breathable protection and comfort. Save $40 Add 2 Memory Foam Pillows Queen (Pair) + Current price: $290 Original Price: $330 Give your head & neck the same chiropractor-approved support with our plush latex pillows. Subtotal $1,795 $1,495 Add 1 Item to Cart Your Cart 0 items were added to your cart View Cart Proceed to Checkout Bed Bonanza BIG Bedroom Bonanza Sale! 3 DAYS ONLY | Save up to $600 | Ends 8/3 Bed Bonanza BIG Bedroom Bonanza Sale! 3 DAYS ONLY | Save up to $600 | Ends 8/3 |  365-night home trial  Free delivery & setup  Lifetime warranty  Free mattress removal  Overview Benefits Layers Options Specs Reviews Choose mattress size Features & Benefits Premium AirCradle® memory foam for a body-contouring feel & excellent pressure relief Durable pocketed coils for a responsive feel & greater ease of movement LuxeCool system allows for great airflow & actively draws away body heat to keep you cooler than regular memory foam mattresses Patented Lumbar Zone® Quilting & gel-infused memory foam help relieve back pain by keeping your spine in healthy alignment Treated with our exclusive Guardin® botanical antimicrobial treatment to inhibit the growth of bacteria, mold, and mildew Base Compatibility Memory Foam Hybrid is compatible with: Foundations or box springs Bed frames Platform beds Adjustable bases* *Memory Foam Hybrid Split King pairs exclusively with our Split King adjustable bases Firmness Medium-Firm Ideal for couples with different firmness preferences Best suited for side sleepers, but also great for back and combination sleepers Certifications CertiPUR-US® certified memory foam Congress of Chiropractic State Assoc. Seal of Approval Features & Benefits Premium AirCradle® memory foam for a body-contouring feel & excellent pressure relief Durable pocketed coils for a responsive feel & greater ease of movement LuxeCool system allows for great airflow & actively draws away body heat to keep you cooler than regular memory foam mattresses Patented Lumbar Zone® Quilting & gel-infused memory foam help relieve back pain by keeping your spine in healthy alignment Treated with our exclusive Guardin® botanical antimicrobial treatment to inhibit the growth of bacteria, mold, and mildew Base Compatibility Memory Foam Hybrid is compatible with: Foundations or box springs Bed frames Platform beds Adjustable bases* *Memory Foam Hybrid Split King pairs exclusively with our Split King adjustable bases Firmness Medium-Firm Ideal for couples with different firmness preferences Best suited for side sleepers, but also great for back and combination sleepers Certifications CertiPUR-US® certified memory foam Congress of Chiropractic State Assoc. Seal of Approval Discover other great options Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring $895 - $2,440 $1,095 - $2,790 Saatva Latex Hybrid Organic Latex Hybrid Innerspring $1,095 - $2,640 $1,295 - $2,990 Loom & Leaf Ultra-Premium Memory Foam $1,095 - $2,840 $1,295 - $3,190 slide page 1 of 3 Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring $895 - $2,440 $1,095 - $2,790 Saatva Latex Hybrid Organic Latex Hybrid Innerspring $1,095 - $2,640 $1,295 - $2,990 Loom & Leaf Ultra-Premium Memory Foam $1,095 - $2,840 $1,295 - $3,190 slide page 1 of 1 A new luxury standard for memory foam mattresses with all the comfort and none of the compromises The perfect balance of body-contouring and responsive feel + Sleeps cooler so you stay asleep longer Body-Contouring Deep, body-contouring feel of a memory foam Great pressure-point relief for all sleep positions, especially side sleepers Responsive Responsive feel of an innerspring with pocketed comfort coils for less motion transfer Greater ease of movement—never feel like you’re “locked in” to one position Triple Cooling Innovative cooling system prevents overheating common with regular memory foam Perfect for sleepers who love memory foam but want cooler sleep Back Support Get extra support where you need it most with our patented Lumbar Zone® Technology Added lower back support and pressure relief with a gel-infused memory foam lumbar crown The best of memory foam & innerspring in one Deep, body-contouring feel and pressure relief of a memory foam Responsive feel and great ease of movement of an innerspring Perfect for back, combination, and side sleepers Balanced support & cooling comfort built into every layer 1 2 3 4 5 6 Supportive & breathable sleep surface Cover made with naturally breathable and hypoallergenic organic cotton to promote cooler, healthier sleep Treated with our exclusive Guardin™ botanical antimicrobial treatment to inhibit the growth of bacteria, mold, and mildew Patented Lumbar Zone® Quilting gives you more support in the center third of the mattress to ensure healthy spinal alignment No fiberglass or toxic chemical flame retardants, instead we use a blend of natural, plant-based thistle pulp & wool flame barrier Pressure-relieving lower back support 1/2" gel-infused memory foam lumbar crown actively draws heat away from the sleep surface Works with the patented Lumbar Zone® Quilting above to give you extra support and durability in the middle of the mattress where you need it most Virtually eliminates body impressions from forming over time Highly breathable, contouring comfort layer 1 1/2” AirCradle® memory foam has a unique wave design to help circulate internal airflow through “air pockets” under the foam Gives the mattress its deep, body-contouring feel Premium 4-lb memory foam offers pressure-relieving support and long-lasting durability Responsive feel, great airflow & motion isolation 8” pocketed comfort coils made of individually wrapped recycled steel coils Dynamically respond to your body’s movements to reduce motion transfer Allow for great airflow to keep you comfortably cool all night Helps prevent body impressions from forming over time No sagging edges High-density foam rails create stable, firmer edge support Gives you more sleep surface and makes getting in and out of bed easier Sturdy base support 1” premium support core foam creates a highly resilient and durable base Ensures maximum durability and stability for years to come slide page 1 of 6 Sleep cooler with our triple-phase LuxeCool system 1 2 3 Sleep cooler with our triple-phase LuxeCool system 1 Cooling gel-infused memory foam lumbar crown Draws excess heat away from the sleep surface like a magnet to prevent overheating 2 AirCradle® memory foam Responds to your body’s movements and pressure by circulating airflow through the foam’s unique wave design 3 Pocketed comfort coils Maintains great airflow and disperses body heat so you sleep comfortably all night Quality you can’t stuff in a box Every handcrafted Saatva mattress is made to order, never compressed and stuffed into a small shipping box. Instead, we deliver it factory-fresh to your room for free. Can a bed in a box deliver the same long-lasting comfort, quality & value? Our years of experience tells us no. Just take a look at a bed in a box going through a compression machine and see for yourself. Watch the video 5 things that can happen to a mattress when it’s compressed & stuffed into a box: It can compromise safety Some mattresses use a fiberglass sock as a flame barrier. When the mattress is folded and rolled, the sock can get damaged, creating tiny fiberglass particles. It can break the foam Some brands use less dense foams to be able to compress their beds. Some of the foam’s cells can break when compressed, reducing its overall lifespan. It can destroy the coils Some brands use thinner coils to be able to compress. When folded and rolled, the center row is usually destroyed or compromised, reducing the mattress lifespan even more. Fun fact: Saatva hybrid mattresses use lower gauged recycled steel coils that are so strong, they’d actually break a compression machine! It can compromise back support The center third of a mattress is where most of your body weight lies. Folding a mattress compromises that crucial area, which can lead to aches and pains. It can reduce the lifespan of the mattress This can mean having to replace your mattress sooner. What starts out like a great deal can end up costing you more in the long run. Find the right bed setup for you Comfort starts from the ground up. The right bed base not only upgrades your sleep comfort, it can increase the lifespan of your mattress. Let's break down all of the options: platform bed frame slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: A sleek, low-profile look Those who prefer not to use a foundation or box spring Compatible with: Most mattresses NOTE: Must add a solid surface over the slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress. Shop platform bed frames standard bed frame + foundation slide page 1 of 3 Foundation vs. box spring: What’s the difference? A mattress foundation is a new & improved version of the old-fashioned box spring. Foundations use more stable wood support slats, while box springs use bouncier metal coils for support. This setup is great for: Making your bed the focal point of your bedroom Giving added height to your mattress Mattresses that require solid surface support (no slats), like our Zenhaven Latex Mattress & Saatva HD Compatible with: All mattresses (Our Saatva HD requires the HD foundation for optimal support) Shop mattress foundation Shop standard bed frames foundation slide page 1 of 3 Foundation vs. box spring: What’s the difference? A mattress foundation is a new & improved version of the old-fashioned box spring. Foundations use more stable wood support slats, while box springs use bouncier metal coils for support. This setup is great for: Minimalists who want the simplest and least expensive bed setup Those who move often and don’t want to disassemble a large bed frame each time Compatible with: All mattresses (Our Saatva HD requires the HD foundation for optimal support) Optional metal frame sold separately. Shop mattress foundation adjustable base slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: Helping to relieve back & joint pain Those who enjoy reading, watching TV, or working from bed Having the freedom to raise the head and the feet of the mattress independently.* *Feature only available on the Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Split King or Split Cal King sizes* Compatible with: All Saatva mattresses except Saatva Classic 14.5” height & Saatva HD All Saatva bed frames except Sydney Platform Bed Frame Shop adjustable bases platform bed frame standard bed frame + foundation foundation adjustable base slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: A sleek, low-profile look Those who prefer not to use a foundation or box spring Compatible with: Most mattresses NOTE: Must add a solid surface over the slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress. Shop platform bed frames Specifications FAQs Frequently asked questions Dimensions The Memory Foam Hybrid is 11.5” high and comes in the following standard mattress sizes: Twin Twin XL Full Queen King/Split Cal King 38" x 75" 38" x 80" 54" x 75" 60" x 80" 76" x 80" 72" x 84" Twin 38" x 75" Twin XL 38" x 80" Full 54" x 75" Queen 60" x 80" King/Split 76" x 80" Cal King 72" x 84" Made in the U.S.A. Every Saatva mattress is made to order and handcrafted in America with care and pride, using only the highest quality, consciously sourced materials. We could have settled on cheaper materials and produced our products elsewhere for higher profits, but we've never wavered in our commitment to quality. We believe it's the right thing to do for our customers, our American workers, and our economy. Eco-friendly materials Every Memory Foam Hybrid mattress features: Cover made with organic cotton Guardin™ nontoxic, botanical antimicrobial treatment CertiPUR-US® certified foams that meet their standards for health and environmental safety. Flame retardant barrier made from natural thistle pulp & wool (rather than chemical sprays) Delivery & setup Sit back and relax while we do all the work. Our free white glove delivery includes in-room delivery and set up. We'll even take away your old mattress at no additional cost to you. Just select free mattress removal at checkout. 365-night home trial At Saatva, we never pressure you to make up your mind quickly. All of our mattresses come with a 365-night home trial, so you have plenty of time to decide whether it’s right for you. If at any point during your home trial you’re not satisfied, just give us a call and we’ll come pick up the mattress and refund your money, less a $99 processing fee to cover our cost of gas and labor for the pickup. That’s it. Weight limit Memory Foam Hybrid is best suited for sleepers who weigh 300 pounds and under to ensure the longest-lasting comfort and support. Those weighing more than 300 pounds would sleep better on a heavy duty hybrid like our Saatva HD or an all-latex mattress like our dual-sided Zenhaven latex mattress . Mattress weights by size Memory Foam Hybrid: Twin and twin XL: 48 lbs Full: 62 lbs Queen: 75 lbs King and Cal king: 91 lbs + What is a hybrid foam mattress? Memory Foam Hybrid is a  hybrid foam mattress that combines the deep, body-contouring support of memory foam with the responsive support and "bouncy" feel of an innerspring mattress. They're great for just about all types of sleepers, whether you're a back sleeper, side sleeper, or a combination of both. What is memory foam made of? Memory foam, also known as viscoelastic foam, is a type of high-density polyurethane foam. Its distinguishing feature is that it softens in response to heat and pressure. That’s what gives memory foam mattresses their body-hugging, body-contouring feel. How long do memory foam mattresses last? The durability of a foam mattress can vary greatly depending on the quality and density of the foams. A premium, high-quality memory foam mattress should last you anywhere from 10 to 15 years. Are memory foam mattresses hot? Traditional foam mattresses have a tendency to trap body heat, but new technologies like gel-infused memory foams have come a long way in helping you sleep cooler. Saatva memory foam mattresses also feature covers made naturally breathable organic cotton. If you tend to sleep hot, placing your memory foam mattress on a box spring or a platform with open slats will help increase overall airflow. It’s also a great idea to top off your mattress with breathable sheets made from natural fabrics to create a cooler, more comfortable sleep environment all around. Are memory foam mattresses good for my back? Yes. Memory foam mattresses conform to your body, helping to keep your spine in a healthy, neutral alignment in any sleep position. Consider your preferred sleeping position when shopping for a foam mattress. If you’re a side sleeper, a softer foam mattress may help reduce pressure on your shoulders and hips. If you sleep on your back or stomach, a medium-firm comfort level or firmer will prevent you from sinking too deeply into the mattress. Are memory foam mattresses safe? We only use nontoxic CertiPUR-US® certified foams in our mattresses. This means that the foams are made without CFCs and other ozone depleters. They also don’t use PBDEs, TDCPP, or TCEP ("Tris"), which are flame retardants that have been identified by the Globally Harmonized System (GHS) as substances that may cause cancer, genetic defects, or damage fertility. CertiPUR-US® compliant foams are free of phthalates, formaldehyde, and mercury, lead, or other heavy metals. They're also tested to verify low VOC (volatile organic compound) emissions, so your mattress won’t off-gas in your home. What is gel memory foam? This type of memory foam is infused with a cooling gel to help to draw heat away from the body so you sleep cooler. How do I clean a memory foam mattress? To make sure your mattress looks, feels, and smells its best, run your vacuum upholstery attachment through it at least a couple of times a year to get rid of dust, crumbs, dust mites, and other debris. To spot clean stains off your mattress, be sure to act quickly. Regardless of the type of stain, always check the care label on the mattress before cleanup. Do Saatva mattresses contain fiberglass or a fiberglass sock? No. We never use fiberglass or toxic chemical flame retardants/barriers in any of our mattresses. Instead, we use either a plant-based flame barrier made of thistle pulp, a Paladin flame barrier made with a blend of poly & rayon fibers, or organic New Zealand wool in our mattresses to meet federal safety standards. See Specifications under "Eco-friendly materials" for more details. What is off gassing? Off gassing is the term for what happens when volatile organic compounds (VOCs) leak out of upholstery materials and mattress foams and into the air you breathe. Some people refer to this as a "new mattress smell" that can range from unpleasant to downright nauseating. Learn more on our blog about off gassing and how Saatva mattresses cut down or completely eliminate this common issue. Do I need to flip over or rotate my mattress regularly? Our Zenhaven, Latex Hybrid, and Solaire mattresses do not need to be rotated from head to foot. This is due to the 5-zone alignment of the latex layer. Our other mattresses can be rotated. We recommend rotating the mattress after six months and then once a year after that. This will ensure that the surface of the mattress breaks in evenly. How do I clean my mattress? As part of regular maintenance, vacuum your mattress at least twice a year to get rid of dust, crumbs, and other icky things that might be living in there. You can also deodorize your mattress by generously sprinkling it with baking soda. Leave it on for a full day and then vacuum it up to refresh your mattress. Tip: Adding a mattress pad over your mattress gives it an added layer of protection from stains, moisture, and debris. Just make sure to wash your mattress pad regularly. For more mattress care tips, check out our blog . What is the best mattress for back pain? Picking the right mattress to help ease back pain starts with assessing your typical sleep position,  then choosing a mattress that best supports you in that position. No matter what kind of mattress you choose, the best mattresses for back pain should include firmer support zones for optimal spinal alignment.

        Every Saatva mattress is engineered with a dedicated lumbar zone support layer to promote healthy spinal alignment for every type of sleeper. Do hybrid mattresses need a box spring or foundation? You don’t need a box spring or foundation if you have a platform bed. Otherwise, if your existing foundation or bed support system is over 7 years old or is sagging or damaged in any way, we suggest getting a high-quality Saatva foundation to get the most out of your new mattress. Your mattress warranty remains in place even when you use your own existing foundation or box spring. What bed frames are Saatva mattresses compatible with? Saatva mattresses are compatible with any bed frame, including our Saatva bed frames. Our dual-sided Zenhaven latex mattresses cannot be placed directly on a platform bed frame with slats. You must cover the slats with a solid material, such as plywood or a bunkie board. Non-platform (standard) bed frames require a foundation and can be paired with any mattress. Note that Saatva HD requires pairing with the HD foundation, which is specifically designed to give it optimal support. What is CertiPUR-US®? Foams that are CertiPUR-US® certified are guaranteed to be low in volatile organic compounds (VOCs), so you don’t have to worry about off-gassing odors. CertiPUR-US certified foams are also guaranteed to be free of ozone depleters, PBDEs, TDCPP, and TCEP flame retardants, mercury, lead, and other heavy metals, formaldehyde, and phthalates. What's in your exclusive Guardin™ antimicrobial treatment? Our exclusive antimicrobial treatment by Guardin™ is made with a proprietary blend of all-natural essential oils and minerals. This blend includes thyme, geranium, lemongrass, and mint, but is completely odorless and colorless. Added to Saatva’s mattress ticking during the manufacturing process and engineered to last the life of the mattress, Guardin™ naturally inhibits the growth of bacteria, mold, mildew, and the discoloration that they can cause on the surface of a mattress. Guardin™ antimicrobial treatment is biodegradable and does not contain any fluorocarbons, toxic heavy metals, silver nanotechnology, triclosan, formaldehyde or phthalates. What are the benefits of the Extend protection plan? The Extend protection plan provides peace of mind and financial protection for your mattress investment from accidental damage. This plan covers accidental stains and damage NOT covered by the Saatva mattress warranty , such as rips, tears and stains. This plan does not cover theft or damage caused by abuse or misuse. Plans are effective from the day your mattress is delivered. For more info & FAQs about Extend accident protection, check out our Extend page . Can I try your mattresses in person? Yes! Our Saatva Viewing Rooms are inviting, pressure-free spaces to experience Saatva comfort in real life. What is white glove delivery? White glove delivery is the Saatva service standard and comes free with every mattress, bedroom furniture and rug order. While our teams don't actually wear white gloves, we do all the work for you. We hand-deliver your mattress and set it up in the room of your choice. We also take away your old mattress and foundation* if you select the "free mattress & foundation removal" at checkout—all at no extra charge! Typically, mattress orders are delivered from our factories within a 9-21 day time frame, depending on your zip code. Our bedroom furniture is also hand-delivered and assembled (if applicable) and bedroom rugs are delivered and set up in the room of your choice (rug area must be cleared of furniture by customer prior to delivery). You get all this for free as part of our premium white glove delivery service. *Note that there are a few items our delivery teams won't take away the following items: Waterbed bases Standard metal bed frames Sleep Number bases Stained and/or damaged mattresses & foundations/box springs What if I need to return my mattress? If you aren't completely happy with your Saatva mattress during your 365-night home trial, just give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 . We’ll schedule a pick up of your mattress and issue a refund for the purchase price (taxes included) to your original method of payment. You’ll only pay a $99 processing fee and we’ll take care of the rest! We never resell returned mattresses. Instead, we donate them to veterans' shelters or offer them to employees and associates across our network of more than 150 delivery centers. Our Crib Mattress is an exception with a 45-day free return. What if I need to exchange my mattress? If you decide to exchange your mattress for another Saatva mattress during your 365-night home trial, just give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 . We’ll schedule a pick up of your mattress and start the exchange process. You’ll only pay a $99 processing fee for your replacement delivery and mattress pickup, and we’ll take care of the rest! We never resell exchanged mattresses. Instead, we donate them to veterans' shelters or offer them to employees and associates across our network of more than 150 delivery centers.
            Once your new mattress is delivered, a new 365-night home trial begins. We’ve learned that the most common reason people exchange is for a different mattress size or height, so be sure to measure the height of your bed frame, adjustable base, and/or foundation/box spring before ordering. You can also call one of our friendly sleep guides for assistance 24/7. Can I expedite the delivery of my mattress? Every Saatva mattress is made to order, which means they don't sit in storage. Occasionally, we can shorten the delivery time when we have a change or cancellation from another order of the exact same product. This allows us to redirect that freshly made and sealed mattress to you. We’d love to help in any way if you need your mattress faster. Our friendly sleep guides are here for you 24/7 at 1-877-672-2882 . What do I do if I think my mattress feels too firm when I receive it? All of our mattresses are made to order and arrive to you factory fresh. That means the high-quality materials inside them need a little bit of time to soften up. You should notice your new mattress begin to conform to your body after a few days. You may even notice continuing improvement for up to a month. Remember that your body will need some time to adjust to a brand new mattress. If you've been sleeping on an old mattress, your body likely got used to it, even if it didn't provide you with adequate support. That's why we give you a generous 365-night home trial to give you time to acclimate to your new mattress. If after a month or so, you still feel that your mattress is too firm (or too soft), give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 and one of our friendly sleep guides will be happy to help you. Does Saatva offer any discounts to first responders, veterans, active military & more? We offer a year-round $225 discount off orders of $1,000 or more to active military, veterans, first responders, government employees, nurses, teachers, senior citizens & students. To apply the discount, simply click on the "Discount for first responders & more" box at checkout. You will be prompted to register with ID.me to verify your status and receive the discount. Note that your cart will automatically apply the larger discount if there is a promotional sale on Saatva.com that is better than your ID.me discount. We also occasionally offer promotional sales for limited time periods on our products on Saatva.com and Saatva Viewing Rooms. To be one of the first to learn about our latest sales, sign up for our mailing list at our site footer or text BED to SAATVA (722882). You can unsubscribe at any time. Are your phone and store representatives on commission? No. It’s part of our pledge to be honest and transparent about what you’re buying. Saatva is committed to giving you honest guidance, even if it means directing you to another mattress brand that’s a better fit for you. In a regular mattress store environment, a commissioned employee makes more money when they sell you a particular brand, so you may get pressured into a choice that’s not right for you. That’s just not the Saatva way. What are the advantages of mattresses that are made in America? Mattresses made in the U.S.A. must meet strict health, safety, and environmental standards. The U.S. and the E.U. have the toughest regulations, but other countries may not offer the same protections. Knowing where your mattress is made makes it easier to ensure that the manufacturer adheres to guidelines that protect workers from danger and exploitation, such as labor regulations and minimum-wage laws. Reputable mattresses manufacturers (like our network of 19 independent factories across the U.S.) also work to minimize environmental impact by incorporating low-carbon-footprint processes and recycled materials into their products. Learn more about the benefits of buying an American-made mattress . + Don't just take our word for it 97.5% of customers surveyed said they would recommend Saatva to their friends and family* 95% of customers surveyed said that they are sleeping better on their Saatva than on their previous mattress* 90% of customers surveyed said they wake up more refreshed after sleeping on their Saatva than on their previous mattress* 93.1% of customers surveyed said that Saatva helped alleviate their NECK pain* 93.9% of customers surveyed said that Saatva helped alleviate their BACK pain* + Saatva has earned an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau and 96% of Saatva customers are satisfied with their purchase**. See for yourself why we have the highest customer review ratings in the mattress industry. *From a recent Saatva customer satisfaction survey, which we conduct on a regular basis to ensure service, product, and overall quality standards. **Based off Saatva return rates. Customer reviews Others also bought Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 1 of 12 slide page 1 of 12 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 1 of 4 slide page 1 of 4 Need help deciding? Chat with us Give us a ring Take our mattress quiz Back to top