Saatva Classic Mattress
https://saatva.com/mattresses/saatva-classic
Saatva Classic Mattress Sizes: ['Twin', 'Twin XL', 'Full', 'Queen', 'King', 'Split King', 'Cal King', 'Split Cal King']
Saatva Classic Mattress Heights: ['11.5"', '14.5"']
Saatva Classic Mattress Comfort: ['Plush Soft', 'Luxury Firm', 'Firm']
Saatva Classic Mattress DETAILS:
Home Mattresses Saatva Classic Click to zoom slide page 1 of 6 365-night home trial  Free delivery & setup  Lifetime warranty  Free mattress removal  Awarded “Best Overall Mattress” by Good Morning America Awarded “Best Overall Mattress” by Good Morning America Saatva Classic Mattress America's best-selling online luxury innerspring $1,995 $1,695 Save $300 Select Size Specs Twin Twin XL Full Queen King Split King Cal King Split Cal King Select Height  11.5" 14.5" Select Comfort Level  Plush Soft Luxury Firm Firm Learn more Add Foundation or Adjustable Base Save up to $100  Foundation Adjustable Bases Add Foundation, Current price: $315 Original Price: $345 Durable hardwood construction provides better support than a box spring. Choose height  4.75" 8.75" Add Metal Frame, $129 Steel brace holds foundation and supports mattress. Sits 7.5″ off ground. Mattress cannot sit directly on frame. Saatva Classic is compatible with most foundations, box springs, and bed frames. Only the 11.5" height Saatva Classic is compatible with an adjustable base. Saatva Adjustable Base $1,245 Our premium remote-controlled base elevates head and feet for customized comfort. No foundation (or boxspring) required. Featuring: Zero-clearance design, can be used without legs on platform bases. Slim profile virtually disappears underneath the mattress Quiet motor Upgrade for $254 more Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Current price: $1,499 Original Price: $1,599 Our deluxe adjustable base elevates head and feet, plus more customized comfort options. No foundation (or boxspring) required. Additional Features: Full-body massage Preset positions Under-bed lighting Wall-hugging design (in Standard option) Adjustable base is only compatible with 11.5" Saatva Classic. We have adjusted your selection. Organic Mattress Pad  Queen +$265 Our luxurious diamond-patterned mattress pad in 100% organic cotton is the ultimate in breathable protection and comfort. Save $40 Add 2 High Loft Saatva Latex Pillows Queen (Pair) + Current price: $290 Original Price: $330 With a loft height of 6-7", this pillow is specially suited for side and combination sleepers Subtotal $1,995 $1,695 Add 1 Item to Cart Your Cart 0 items were added to your cart View Cart Proceed to Checkout Bed Bonanza BIG Bedroom Bonanza Sale! 3 DAYS ONLY | Save up to $600 | Ends 8/3 Bed Bonanza BIG Bedroom Bonanza Sale! 3 DAYS ONLY | Save up to $600 | Ends 8/3 |  365-night home trial  Free delivery & setup  Lifetime warranty  Free mattress removal  Overview Benefits Layers Comfort Reviews Specs Service Choose mattress size Your best sleep awaits on our most popular hybrid innerspring Responsive feel of an innerspring + Plush comfort layers Luxurious Plush 3" Euro pillow top comes standard for cushioned comfort and pressure relief Available in three firmness levels for every sleep position and style Durable Say goodbye to sagging with a responsive dual-coil design made of recycled carbon steel Tempered three times for superb durability Supportive Get extra support where you need it most with our patented Lumbar Zone® Technology Enjoy healthy spinal alignment in any sleep position Breathable Our naturally breathable cover made with organic cotton helps you sleep cooler Dual-coil design allows more airflow throughout to help disperse body heat Discover other great options Saatva Latex Hybrid Organic Latex Hybrid Innerspring $1,095 - $2,640 $1,295 - $2,990 Memory Foam Hybrid Cooling Premium Memory Foam & Innerspring $995 - $2,280 $995 - $2,630 Loom & Leaf Ultra-Premium Memory Foam $1,095 - $2,840 $1,295 - $3,190 slide page 1 of 3 Saatva Latex Hybrid Organic Latex Hybrid Innerspring $1,095 - $2,640 $1,295 - $2,990 Memory Foam Hybrid Cooling Premium Memory Foam & Innerspring $995 - $2,280 $995 - $2,630 Loom & Leaf Ultra-Premium Memory Foam $1,095 - $2,840 $1,295 - $3,190 slide page 1 of 1 Relief for achy backs and joints Plush Euro pillow top cradles you in cushioned comfort to relieve pressure points Patented Lumbar Zone® Technology ensures healthy spinal alignment no matter how you sleep More nights of restorative sleep built into every layer 1 2 3 4 5 Plush & breathable sleep surface Contouring 3" Euro pillow top with Lumbar Zone® Quilting to give you more support in the center third of the mattress where you need it most Cover made with naturally breathable and hypoallergenic organic cotton to promote cooler, healthier sleep Treated with our exclusive Guardin® botanical antimicrobial treatment to inhibit the growth of bacteria, mold, and mildew No fiberglass or toxic chemical flame retardants, instead we use a natural, plant-based thistle pulp flame barrier Enhanced back support Lumbar Zone® Active Spinal Wire helps to keep your spine in healthy alignment  CertiPUR-US® certified high - density memory foam offers excellent pressure - point relief Enhanced lower back support and durability in the middle of the mattress where you need it most Responsive coils that cradle your body 884 Lumbar Zone® Pocketed Coils (in queen) made from durable 14.5-gauge recycled steel Stronger & firmer in the center third of the mattress where most of your body weight is concentrated Contour to your curves to relieve pressure points for better circulation Respond to your body's movements, reducing motion transfer for more undisturbed rest No sagging edges High-density foam rails create stable, firmer edge support Gives you more sleep surface and makes getting in and out of bed easier Durable support & cooler sleep Dual-coil design has a base coil unit made of 416 (in queen) 13-gauge tempered steel for maximum durability to prevent sagging over time Allows better airflow for cooler, more comfortable sleep slide page 1 of 5 Plush, medium, or firm. You decide. Plush Soft 3 Get a deep, body-hugging feel from softer foams and extra padding in the pillow top. Great for: Those who know they like a soft, cushiony feel Lighter-weight people who often find mattresses to be too firm Side sleepers who like extra contouring Luxury Firm 5-7 Our #1 seller, preferred by 82% of our customers. Designed to replicate the comfort level used in luxury hotels. Great for: A perfect balance of comfort and uplifting support Couples who can't agree on a firmness level Every range of sleep style Firm 8 Designed to feel like you're lying on top of the mattress rather than sinking in, with firmer foams for balanced resistance. Great for: Those who know they want a very firm mattress Back and stomach sleepers or heavier body types If your doctor recommends an extra-firm mattress slide page 1 of 3 Find the right bed setup for you Comfort starts from the ground up. The right bed base not only upgrades your sleep comfort, it can increase the lifespan of your mattress. Let's break down all of the options: platform bed frame slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: A sleek, low-profile look Those who prefer not to use a foundation or box spring Compatible with: Most mattresses NOTE: Must add a solid surface over the slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress. Shop platform bed frames standard bed frame + foundation slide page 1 of 3 Foundation vs. box spring: What’s the difference? A mattress foundation is a new & improved version of the old-fashioned box spring. Foundations use more stable wood support slats, while box springs use bouncier metal coils for support. This setup is great for: Making your bed the focal point of your bedroom Giving added height to your mattress Mattresses that require solid surface support (no slats), like our Zenhaven Latex Mattress & Saatva HD Compatible with: All mattresses (Our Saatva HD requires the HD foundation for optimal support) Shop mattress foundation Shop standard bed frames foundation slide page 1 of 3 Foundation vs. box spring: What’s the difference? A mattress foundation is a new & improved version of the old-fashioned box spring. Foundations use more stable wood support slats, while box springs use bouncier metal coils for support. This setup is great for: Minimalists who want the simplest and least expensive bed setup Those who move often and don’t want to disassemble a large bed frame each time Compatible with: All mattresses (Our Saatva HD requires the HD foundation for optimal support) Optional metal frame sold separately. Shop mattress foundation adjustable base slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: Helping to relieve back & joint pain Those who enjoy reading, watching TV, or working from bed Having the freedom to raise the head and the feet of the mattress independently.* *Feature only available on the Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Split King or Split Cal King sizes* Compatible with: All Saatva mattresses except Saatva Classic 14.5” height & Saatva HD All Saatva bed frames except Sydney Platform Bed Frame Shop adjustable bases platform bed frame standard bed frame + foundation foundation adjustable base slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: A sleek, low-profile look Those who prefer not to use a foundation or box spring Compatible with: Most mattresses NOTE: Must add a solid surface over the slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress. Shop platform bed frames Don't just take our word for it 97.5% of customers surveyed said they would recommend Saatva to their friends and family* 95% of customers surveyed said that they are sleeping better on their Saatva than on their previous mattress* 90% of customers surveyed said they wake up more refreshed after sleeping on their Saatva than on their previous mattress* 93.1% of customers surveyed said that Saatva helped alleviate their NECK pain* 93.9% of customers surveyed said that Saatva helped alleviate their BACK pain* + Saatva has earned an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau and 96% of Saatva customers are satisfied with their purchase**. See for yourself why we have the highest customer review ratings in the mattress industry. *From a recent Saatva customer satisfaction survey, which we conduct on a regular basis to ensure service, product, and overall quality standards. **Based off Saatva return rates. Customer reviews Specifications FAQs Frequently asked questions Dimensions Twin Twin XL Full Queen King/Split Cal King/Split 38" x 75" 38" x 80" 54" x 75" 60" x 80" 76" x 80" 72" x 84" Twin 38" x 75" Twin XL 38" x 80" Full 54" x 75" Queen 60" x 80" King/Split 76" x 80" Cal King/Split 72" x 84" The Saatva Classic is available in two heights, 11.5" and 14.5", for the look you prefer. Both heights deliver the same feel & durability. Please note that only the 11.5" Saatva Classic is compatible with adjustable bases. Made in the U.S.A. Every Saatva mattress is made to order and handcrafted in America with care and pride, using only the highest quality, consciously sourced materials. We could have settled on cheaper materials and produced our products elsewhere for higher profits, but we've never wavered in our commitment to quality. We believe it's the right thing to do for our customers, our American workers, and our economy. Eco-friendly materials Every Saatva Classic mattress features: Cover made with organic cotton Guardin™ nontoxic, botanical antimicrobial treatment CertiPUR-US® certified foams that meet their standards for health and environmental safety. Recycled steel coils Flame retardant barrier made from natural thistle pulp (rather than chemical sprays) Delivery & setup Sit back and relax while we do all the work. Our free white glove delivery includes in-room delivery and set up. We'll even take away your old mattress at no additional cost to you. Just select free mattress removal at checkout. 365-night home trial At Saatva, we never pressure you to make up your mind quickly. All of our mattresses come with a 365-night home trial, so you have plenty of time to decide whether it’s right for you. If at any point during your home trial you’re not satisfied, just give us a call and we’ll come pick up the mattress and refund your money, less a $99 processing fee to cover our cost of gas and labor for the pickup. That’s it. Weight Limit Saatva Classic is designed to give optimal support for sleepers weighing up to 300 pounds. Twin and twin XL Saatva Classic mattresses can support up to a total of 300 pounds. Full, queen, king, Cal king, and split king mattresses can support up to 300 pounds on each side. Those weighing more than 300 pounds would sleep better on a heavy duty hybrid like our Saatva HD or an all-latex mattress like our dual-sided Zenhaven latex mattress . Mattress weights by size Saatva Classic: Twin: 90 lbs (11.5"); 100 lbs (14.5") Twin XL: 95 lbs (11.5"); 105 lbs Full: 100 lbs (11.5"); 110 lbs (14.5") Queen: 110 lbs (11.5"); 120 lbs (14.5") King and Cal king: 130 lbs (11.5"); 145 lbs (14.5") + What is an innerspring mattress? The innerspring mattress gets its name from the metal support coil (also called springs) that form the core of the bed. This traditional mattress type is known for its classic springy, bouncy feel. A basic innerspring mattress will last you about 7-8 years. Does coil count matter? Generally speaking, coil count is a good indicator of the overall comfort, support, and durability that a mattress offers. The number of coils in a mattress depends on its size. Typically, the standard for queen innerspring mattresses is 800 coils. The queen size of our Saatva Classic Innerspring Mattress features 884 individually pocketed coils that responds to your movements and limits motion transfer. What are the differences between innerspring and foam mattresses? The main difference between an innerspring mattress and a foam mattress comes down to the materials. An innerspring has a core support system made of coiled metal springs, while a foam mattress is made up of layers of polyurethane foams. Memory foam mattresses generally offer a body-hugging feel. Innerspring mattresses generally have a bouncy, springy feel. While both mattress types have a lot of inherent differences, the choice between the two really comes down to individual preferences. That's why a great in-home trial period (like our 365-day home trial) is so crucial to making the most confident choice in your next mattress. What are pocketed coil innerspring mattresses? Pocket coils are individually wrapped metal spring coils. The two main advantages to individually pocketed coils are 1) that they conform and respond to your curves better than open coils and 2) they limit motion transfer because the coils move independently. How many coils are inside the Saatva Classic? The coil count varies by size: TWIN: Pocketed coils: 512 Support coils (base): 240 TOTAL: 752 TWIN XL: Pocketed coils: 544 Support coils(base): 260 TOTAL: 804 FULL: Pocketed coils: 704 Support coils (base): 336 TOTAL: 1,040 QUEEN: Pocketed coils: 884 Support coils (base): 416 TOTAL: 1,300 KING: Pocketed coils: 1,088 Support coils (base): 520 TOTAL: 1,608 CAL KING & SPLIT KING: Pocketed coils: 1,088 Support coils (base): 520 TOTAL: 1,608 Do Saatva mattresses contain fiberglass or a fiberglass sock? No. We never use fiberglass or toxic chemical flame retardants/barriers in any of our mattresses. Instead, we use either a plant-based flame barrier made of thistle pulp, a Paladin flame barrier made with a blend of poly & rayon fibers, or organic New Zealand wool in our mattresses to meet federal safety standards. See Specifications under "Eco-friendly materials" for more details. Do I need to flip over or rotate my mattress regularly? Our Zenhaven, Latex Hybrid, and Solaire mattresses do not need to be rotated from head to foot. This is due to the 5-zone alignment of the latex layer. Our other mattresses can be rotated. We recommend rotating the mattress after six months and then once a year after that. This will ensure that the surface of the mattress breaks in evenly. How do I clean my mattress? As part of regular maintenance, vacuum your mattress at least twice a year to get rid of dust, crumbs, and other icky things that might be living in there. You can also deodorize your mattress by generously sprinkling it with baking soda. Leave it on for a full day and then vacuum it up to refresh your mattress. Tip: Adding a mattress pad over your mattress gives it an added layer of protection from stains, moisture, and debris. Just make sure to wash your mattress pad regularly. For more mattress care tips, check out our blog . What is the best mattress for back pain? Picking the right mattress to help ease back pain starts with assessing your typical sleep position,  then choosing a mattress that best supports you in that position. No matter what kind of mattress you choose, the best mattresses for back pain should include firmer support zones for optimal spinal alignment.

        Every Saatva mattress is engineered with a dedicated lumbar zone support layer to promote healthy spinal alignment for every type of sleeper. Will my Saatva mattress work with my existing box spring or foundation? You can use your existing box spring or foundation if: You purchased your box spring or foundation within the last 7 years.  Your existing box spring or foundation is in good condition and provides sturdy center support.  You don't mind not having a matching foundation.  NOTE: Saatva HD requires pairing with the HD Foundation for adequate support. Saatva mattresses also work with platform beds , without the need for a foundation. Please make sure your existing platform bed has: A solid, durable surface. If your platform has a slatted support system, make sure the slats are spaced less than 4" apart. If they're not, you can add a 1/2" thick piece of plywood to place on top. This extra layer of support is needed because Saatva mattresses are heavier due to their premium quality materials.  A proper center support. This means you must have a center leg in the middle of your platform bed frame.  NOTE: Must add a solid surface over platform slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven latex mattress. If you have any questions, you can reach one of our sleep guides 24/7 at 1-877-672-2882 . What bed frames are Saatva mattresses compatible with? Saatva mattresses are compatible with any bed frame, including our Saatva bed frames. Our dual-sided Zenhaven latex mattresses cannot be placed directly on a platform bed frame with slats. You must cover the slats with a solid material, such as plywood or a bunkie board . Non-platform (standard) bed frames require a foundation and can be paired with any mattress. Note that Saatva HD requires pairing with the HD foundation, which is specifically designed to give it optimal support. Do all Saatva Classic mattresses work with adjustable bases? The Saatva Classic 11.5" is compatible with the Saatva Adjustable Base Plus and most other adjustable bases. The thicker 14.5" Saatva Classic mattress does not have the flexibility required to work with adjustable bases. There's absolutely no difference in feel and durability between the two Saatva classic height options. The two options are mainly aesthetic and based on your bed height preference or if you plan to use your mattress with an adjustable base. Learn more about the best mattresses for adjustable bases . What is CertiPUR-US®? Foams that are CertiPUR-US® certified are guaranteed to be low in volatile organic compounds (VOCs), so you don’t have to worry about off-gassing odors. CertiPUR-US certified foams are also guaranteed to be free of ozone depleters, PBDEs, TDCPP, and TCEP flame retardants, mercury, lead, and other heavy metals, formaldehyde, and phthalates. What's in your exclusive Guardin™ antimicrobial treatment? Our exclusive antimicrobial treatment by Guardin™ is made with a proprietary blend of all-natural essential oils and minerals. This blend includes thyme, geranium, lemongrass, and mint, but is completely odorless and colorless. Added to Saatva’s mattress ticking during the manufacturing process and engineered to last the life of the mattress, Guardin™ naturally inhibits the growth of bacteria, mold, mildew, and the discoloration that they can cause on the surface of a mattress. Guardin™ antimicrobial treatment is biodegradable and does not contain any fluorocarbons, toxic heavy metals, silver nanotechnology, triclosan, formaldehyde or phthalates. What are the benefits of the Extend protection plan? The Extend protection plan provides peace of mind and financial protection for your mattress investment from accidental damage. This plan covers accidental stains and damage NOT covered by the Saatva mattress warranty , such as rips, tears and stains. This plan does not cover theft or damage caused by abuse or misuse. Plans are effective from the day your mattress is delivered. For more info & FAQs about Extend accident protection, check out our Extend page . Can I try your mattresses in person? Yes! Our Saatva Viewing Rooms are inviting, pressure-free spaces to experience Saatva comfort in real life. What is white glove delivery? White glove delivery is the Saatva service standard and comes free with every mattress, bedroom furniture and rug order. While our teams don't actually wear white gloves, we do all the work for you. We hand-deliver your mattress and set it up in the room of your choice. We also take away your old mattress and foundation* if you select the "free mattress & foundation removal" at checkout—all at no extra charge! Typically, mattress orders are delivered from our factories within a 9-21 day time frame, depending on your zip code. Our bedroom furniture is also hand-delivered and assembled (if applicable) and bedroom rugs are delivered and set up in the room of your choice (rug area must be cleared of furniture by customer prior to delivery). You get all this for free as part of our premium white glove delivery service. *Note that there are a few items our delivery teams won't take away the following items: Waterbed bases Standard metal bed frames Sleep Number bases Stained and/or damaged mattresses & foundations/box springs What if I need to return my mattress? If you aren't completely happy with your Saatva mattress during your 365-night home trial, just give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 . We’ll schedule a pick up of your mattress and issue a refund for the purchase price (taxes included) to your original method of payment. You’ll only pay a $99 processing fee and we’ll take care of the rest! We never resell returned mattresses. Instead, we donate them to veterans' shelters or offer them to employees and associates across our network of more than 150 delivery centers. Our Crib Mattress is an exception with a 45-day free return. What if I need to exchange my mattress? If you decide to exchange your mattress for another Saatva mattress during your 365-night home trial, just give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 . We’ll schedule a pick up of your mattress and start the exchange process. You’ll only pay a $99 processing fee for your replacement delivery and mattress pickup, and we’ll take care of the rest! We never resell exchanged mattresses. Instead, we donate them to veterans' shelters or offer them to employees and associates across our network of more than 150 delivery centers.
            Once your new mattress is delivered, a new 365-night home trial begins. We’ve learned that the most common reason people exchange is for a different mattress size or height, so be sure to measure the height of your bed frame, adjustable base, and/or foundation/box spring before ordering. You can also call one of our friendly sleep guides for assistance 24/7. Can I expedite the delivery of my mattress? Every Saatva mattress is made to order, which means they don't sit in storage. Occasionally, we can shorten the delivery time when we have a change or cancellation from another order of the exact same product. This allows us to redirect that freshly made and sealed mattress to you. We’d love to help in any way if you need your mattress faster. Our friendly sleep guides are here for you 24/7 at 1-877-672-2882 . What do I do if I think my mattress feels too firm when I receive it? All of our mattresses are made to order and arrive to you factory fresh. That means the high-quality materials inside them need a little bit of time to soften up. You should notice your new mattress begin to conform to your body after a few days. You may even notice continuing improvement for up to a month. Remember that your body will need some time to adjust to a brand new mattress. If you've been sleeping on an old mattress, your body likely got used to it, even if it didn't provide you with adequate support. That's why we give you a generous 365-night home trial to give you time to acclimate to your new mattress. If after a month or so, you still feel that your mattress is too firm (or too soft), give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 and one of our friendly sleep guides will be happy to help you. Does Saatva offer any discounts to first responders, veterans, active military & more? We offer a year-round $225 discount off orders of $1,000 or more to active military, veterans, first responders, government employees, nurses, teachers, senior citizens & students. To apply the discount, simply click on the "Discount for first responders & more" box at checkout. You will be prompted to register with ID.me to verify your status and receive the discount. Note that your cart will automatically apply the larger discount if there is a promotional sale on Saatva.com that is better than your ID.me discount. We also occasionally offer promotional sales for limited time periods on our products on Saatva.com and Saatva Viewing Rooms. To be one of the first to learn about our latest sales, sign up for our mailing list at our site footer or text BED to SAATVA (722882). You can unsubscribe at any time. Are your phone and store representatives on commission? No. It’s part of our pledge to be honest and transparent about what you’re buying. Saatva is committed to giving you honest guidance, even if it means directing you to another mattress brand that’s a better fit for you. In a regular mattress store environment, a commissioned employee makes more money when they sell you a particular brand, so you may get pressured into a choice that’s not right for you. That’s just not the Saatva way. What are the advantages of mattresses that are made in America? Mattresses made in the U.S.A. must meet strict health, safety, and environmental standards. The U.S. and the E.U. have the toughest regulations, but other countries may not offer the same protections. Knowing where your mattress is made makes it easier to ensure that the manufacturer adheres to guidelines that protect workers from danger and exploitation, such as labor regulations and minimum-wage laws. Reputable mattresses manufacturers (like our network of 19 independent factories across the U.S.) also work to minimize environmental impact by incorporating low-carbon-footprint processes and recycled materials into their products. Learn more about the benefits of buying an American-made mattress . + Quality you can’t stuff in a box Every handcrafted Saatva mattress is made to order, never compressed and stuffed into a small shipping box. Instead, we deliver it factory-fresh to your room for free. Can a bed in a box deliver the same long-lasting comfort, quality & value? Our years of experience tells us no. Just take a look at a bed in a box going through a compression machine and see for yourself. Watch the video 5 things that can happen to a mattress when it’s compressed & stuffed into a box: It can compromise safety Some mattresses use a fiberglass sock as a flame barrier. When the mattress is folded and rolled, the sock can get damaged, creating tiny fiberglass particles. It can break the foam Some brands use less dense foams to be able to compress their beds. Some of the foam’s cells can break when compressed, reducing its overall lifespan. It can destroy the coils Some brands use thinner coils to be able to compress. When folded and rolled, the center row is usually destroyed or compromised, reducing the mattress lifespan even more. Fun fact: Saatva hybrid mattresses use lower gauged recycled steel coils that are so strong, they’d actually break a compression machine! It can compromise back support The center third of a mattress is where most of your body weight lies. Folding a mattress compromises that crucial area, which can lead to aches and pains. It can reduce the lifespan of the mattress This can mean having to replace your mattress sooner. What starts out like a great deal can end up costing you more in the long run. Smart mattress shopping made easy Free in-room delivery & setup We hand deliver and set up your Saatva mattress in your room for free. We even take away your old mattress and foundation! *Select free mattress removal option at checkout. Learn more 365-night home trial There's no pressure to make up your mind quickly. We give you plenty of time to decide if your new Saatva mattress is right for you. Learn more Lifetime warranties We stand behind the quality of our craftsmanship and materials with a lifetime warranty on our mattresses & bedroom furniture Learn more 24/7 customer support Rest easy. Our team of U.S.-based expert sleep guides are here to help you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. Learn more + Others also bought Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 1 of 12 slide page 1 of 12 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 1 of 4 slide page 1 of 4 Need help deciding? Chat with us Give us a ring Take our mattress quiz Back to top Shop Now