Saatva Latex Hybrid Mattress
https://saatva.com/mattresses/saatva-latex-hybrid
Saatva Latex Hybrid Mattress Sizes: ['Twin', 'Twin XL', 'Full', 'Queen', 'King', 'Split King', 'Cal King']
Saatva Latex Hybrid Mattress DETAILS:
Home Mattresses Saatva Latex Hybrid Click to zoom slide page 1 of 6 365-night home trial  Free delivery & setup  Lifetime warranty  Free mattress removal  Saatva Latex Hybrid Mattress Our hand-tufted hybrid innerspring with organic natural latex for buoyant, cooling comfort $2,195 $1,895 Save $300 Select Size Specs Twin Twin XL Full Queen King Split King Cal King Learn more Add Foundation or Adjustable Base Save up to $100  Foundation Adjustable Bases Add Foundation, Current price: $315 Original Price: $345 Durable hardwood construction provides better support than a box spring. Choose height  4.75" 8.75" Add Metal Frame, $129 Steel brace holds foundation and supports mattress. Sits 7.5″ off ground. Mattress cannot sit directly on frame. Saatva Latex Hybrid is compatible with most foundations, box springs, platform beds, and adjustable bases. Saatva Adjustable Base $1,245 Our premium remote-controlled base elevates head and feet for customized comfort. No foundation (or boxspring) required. Featuring: Zero-clearance design, can be used without legs on platform bases. Slim profile virtually disappears underneath the mattress Quiet motor Upgrade for $254 more Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Current price: $1,499 Original Price: $1,599 Our deluxe adjustable base elevates head and feet, plus more customized comfort options. No foundation (or boxspring) required. Additional Features: Full-body massage Preset positions Under-bed lighting Wall-hugging design (in Standard option) Adjustable base is only compatible with 11.5" Saatva Latex Hybrid. We have adjusted your selection. Organic Mattress Pad  Queen +$265 Our luxurious diamond-patterned mattress pad in 100% organic cotton is the ultimate in breathable protection and comfort. Save $40 Add 2 High Loft Saatva Latex Pillows Queen (Pair) + Current price: $290 Original Price: $330 With a loft height of 6-7", this pillow is specially suited for side and combination sleepers Subtotal $2,195 $1,895 Add 1 Item to Cart Your Cart 0 items were added to your cart View Cart Proceed to Checkout Bed Bonanza BIG Bedroom Bonanza Sale! 3 DAYS ONLY | Save up to $600 | Ends 8/3 Bed Bonanza BIG Bedroom Bonanza Sale! 3 DAYS ONLY | Save up to $600 | Ends 8/3 |  365-night home trial  Free delivery & setup  Lifetime warranty  Free mattress removal  Overview Benefits Layers Latex Reviews FAQs Choose mattress size Enjoy healthier, more restorative sleep with our natural latex hybrid mattress Pressure-free support of natural hypoallergenic latex + Responsive feel of an innerspring Natural Premium eco-friendly materials, sustainably sourced from nature Organic GOLS-certified organic natural latex, GOTS certified organic New Zealand wool, and cover made with organic cotton Nontoxic GREENGUARD Gold & eco-INSTITUT® certified to be free of pollutants & emissions, reducing your risk of daily chemical exposure to potentially harmful substances. Hypoallergenic Naturally hypoallergenic latex repels dust mites, mold, and other common indoor allergens Discover other great options Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring $895 - $2,440 $1,095 - $2,790 Zenhaven Dual-Sided Organic Latex Mattress $1,595 - $3,790 $1,895 - $4,190 Memory Foam Hybrid Cooling Premium Memory Foam & Innerspring $995 - $2,280 $995 - $2,630 slide page 1 of 3 Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring $895 - $2,440 $1,095 - $2,790 Zenhaven Dual-Sided Organic Latex Mattress $1,595 - $3,790 $1,895 - $4,190 Memory Foam Hybrid Cooling Premium Memory Foam & Innerspring $995 - $2,280 $995 - $2,630 slide page 1 of 1 Uplifting support & breathable comfort Responsive, ultra-breathable natural latex has a weightless feel that offers unsurpassed pressure-point relief as it keeps you cooler through the night. Pure, healthy sleep built into every layer 1 2 3 4 5 Soft & breathable sleep surface Hand-tufted cushioned Euro top design for comfort and durability Cover made with naturally breathable and hypoallergenic organic cotton to promote cooler, healthier sleep Treated with our exclusive Guardin™ botanical antimicrobial treatment to inhibit the growth of bacteria, mold, and mildew Extra layer of comfort & breathability GOTS certified organic New Zealand wool naturally wicks away moisture Regulates body temperature for extra breathability Acts as a natural flame barrier, no fiberglass or toxic chemical flame retardants added Naturally antimicrobial and resistant to dust mites Zoned, pressure-free support with excellent airflow 3" layer of 5-zone natural latex offers enhanced support in the lumbar region Unmatched buoyancy and pressure-point relief Vented airflow channels go through the entire latex layer for superb breathability and cooling Naturally hypoallergenic, resistant to mold, mildew, and dust mites, and doesn't off-gas Responsive feel & edge support Pocketed coil unit made up of individually wrapped recycled steel coils responds to your body's movement and contours to your curves Ergonomical firmness zones with enhanced support and durability in the lumbar region where most of your body weight is concentrated Minimizes motion transfer Maintains great airflow throughout the mattress Stable & durable base Organic eco loft pad made of organic cotton and GOTS certified organic wool provides a stable base to anchor the hand-tufting Prevents the layers from shifting, resulting in a longer-lasting mattress slide page 1 of 5 Zoned for cooler, more comfortable sleep Our exclusive 5-zone latex layer goes beyond the buoyant, durable support of natural latex. Exclusive vented airflow channels allow better circulation throughout for superb breathability. Five ergonomic zones give you enhanced support and pressure relief where you need them most. Specifications Dimensions The Saatva Latex Hybrid is 12" high and comes in the following standard mattress sizes: Twin Twin XL Full Queen King/Split Cal King 38" x 75" 38" x 80" 54" x 75" 60" x 80" 76" x 80" 72" x 84" Twin 38" x 75" Twin XL 38" x 80" Full 54" x 75" Queen 60" x 80" King/Split 76" x 80" Cal King 72" x 84" Made in the U.S.A. Every Saatva mattress is made to order and handcrafted in America with care and pride, using only the highest quality, consciously sourced materials. We could have settled on cheaper materials and produced our products elsewhere for higher profits, but we've never wavered in our commitment to quality. We believe it's the right thing to do for our customers, our American workers, and our economy. Eco-friendly materials Every Saatva Latex Hybrid mattress features: Cover made with organic cotton Guardin™ nontoxic, botanical antimicrobial treatment GOLS-certified organic natural latex that's certified free of toxic chemicals, emissions, and pollutants Recycled steel coils Flame retardant barrier made from certified organic New Zealand wool (rather than chemical sprays) Delivery & setup Sit back and relax while we do all the work. Our free white glove delivery includes in-room delivery and set up. We'll even take away your old mattress at no additional cost to you. Just select free mattress removal at checkout. 365-night home trial At Saatva, we never pressure you to make up your mind quickly. All of our mattresses come with a 365-night home trial, so you have plenty of time to decide whether it’s right for you. If at any point during your home trial you’re not satisfied, just give us a call and we’ll come pick up the mattress and refund your money, less a $99 processing fee to cover our cost of gas and labor for the pickup. That’s it. Weight limit Latex Hybrid is designed to give optimal support for sleepers weighing up to 300 pounds. Twin and twin XL Latex Hybrid mattresses can support up to a total of 300 pounds. Full, queen, king, Cal king, and split king mattresses can support up to 300 pounds on each side. Those weighing more than 300 pounds would sleep better on a heavy duty hybrid like our Saatva HD or an all-latex mattress like our dual-sided Zenhaven latex mattress . Mattress weights by size Saatva Latex Hybrid: Twin: 77 lbs Twin XL: 85 lbs Full: 115 lbs Queen: 120 lbs Cal king: 148 lbs King: 150 lbs + Pure comfort starts with pure materials Organic Natural Nontoxic Healthier for the planet We use GOLS certified organic natural latex, our cover is made with highly breathable organic cotton, and our premium New Zealand wool is GOTS certified organic. NO harmful pesticides, GMOs, toxic chemicals, heavy metals, fertilizers, and dyes. NO fiberglass or fiberglass sock flame retardants. Healthier sleep by nature We only use the highest quality sustainably-sourced materials nature has to offer: natural latex, cotton, wool, and recycled steel coils. NO petroleum-based foams or fibers. Healthier indoor air Breathe easy. Our natural latex mattress is eco-INSTITUT® & GREENGUARD Gold certified free of potentially harmful chemicals, emissions, and pollutants. Plus, we never use chemical flame retardants. Why natural latex? There’s nothing quite like the buoyant, pressure-free support of natural latex. Our latex goes through a washing process to remove all allergy-causing proteins, so all you’re left with is pure, lasting comfort. Zoned firmness 5 ergonomic zones specifically designed to give you enhanced support in the areas you need it most. Durability Latex is the most durable sleep material on the market, outlasting traditional foams and memory foams. Excellent pressure relief Its buoyant, balanced support relieves pressure points for better sleep. Superb breathability Natural latex is more breathable than polyurethane foams or other synthetic comfort foams. Find the right bed setup for you Comfort starts from the ground up. The right bed base not only upgrades your sleep comfort, it can increase the lifespan of your mattress. Let's break down all of the options: platform bed frame slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: A sleek, low-profile look Those who prefer not to use a foundation or box spring Compatible with: Most mattresses NOTE: Must add a solid surface over the slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress. Shop platform bed frames standard bed frame + foundation slide page 1 of 3 Foundation vs. box spring: What’s the difference? A mattress foundation is a new & improved version of the old-fashioned box spring. Foundations use more stable wood support slats, while box springs use bouncier metal coils for support. This setup is great for: Making your bed the focal point of your bedroom Giving added height to your mattress Mattresses that require solid surface support (no slats), like our Zenhaven Latex Mattress & Saatva HD Compatible with: All mattresses (Our Saatva HD requires the HD foundation for optimal support) Shop mattress foundation Shop standard bed frames foundation slide page 1 of 3 Foundation vs. box spring: What’s the difference? A mattress foundation is a new & improved version of the old-fashioned box spring. Foundations use more stable wood support slats, while box springs use bouncier metal coils for support. This setup is great for: Minimalists who want the simplest and least expensive bed setup Those who move often and don’t want to disassemble a large bed frame each time Compatible with: All mattresses (Our Saatva HD requires the HD foundation for optimal support) Optional metal frame sold separately. Shop mattress foundation adjustable base slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: Helping to relieve back & joint pain Those who enjoy reading, watching TV, or working from bed Having the freedom to raise the head and the feet of the mattress independently.* *Feature only available on the Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Split King or Split Cal King sizes* Compatible with: All Saatva mattresses except Saatva Classic 14.5” height & Saatva HD All Saatva bed frames except Sydney Platform Bed Frame Shop adjustable bases platform bed frame standard bed frame + foundation foundation adjustable base slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: A sleek, low-profile look Those who prefer not to use a foundation or box spring Compatible with: Most mattresses NOTE: Must add a solid surface over the slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress. Shop platform bed frames Don't just take our word for it 97.5% of customers surveyed said they would recommend Saatva to their friends and family* 95% of customers surveyed said that they are sleeping better on their Saatva than on their previous mattress* 90% of customers surveyed said they wake up more refreshed after sleeping on their Saatva than on their previous mattress* 93.1% of customers surveyed said that Saatva helped alleviate their NECK pain* 93.9% of customers surveyed said that Saatva helped alleviate their BACK pain* + Saatva has earned an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau and 96% of Saatva customers are satisfied with their purchase**. See for yourself why we have the highest customer review ratings in the mattress industry. *From a recent Saatva customer satisfaction survey, which we conduct on a regular basis to ensure service, product, and overall quality standards. **Based off Saatva return rates. Customer reviews Frequently asked questions What is a latex hybrid mattress? This type of hybrid mattress combines the pressure-free support of latex with the responsive support and "bouncy" feel of a classic innerspring mattress. They're great for just about all types of sleepers, whether you're a back sleeper, side sleeper, or a combination of both. Do latex mattresses off-gas? No. Since natural latex is a plant-based material and doesn't emit VOCs (volatile organic compounds), you don't have to worry about chemical odors that come from off gassing. Is a latex mattress good for a bad back? Yes! Latex mattresses are contouring yet responsive, giving you a balance of comfort and support to ensure proper spinal alignment. Our latex mattresses also have enhanced lumbar support to keep your back from sinking out of alignment. For more severe back issues, our natural latex mattress is compatible with an adjustable base , allowing you to lift your legs and head to take more pressure off of your back. Do latex mattresses sleep hot? Latex mattresses have an open cell structure that makes them naturally breathable, so your body stays at a comfortable temperature throughout the night. Our natural latex mattress is made even more breathable thanks to its organic cotton cover and New Zealand wool layer, which is known to naturally regulate body temperature. How thick should a hybrid mattress be? Picking a mattress height is a matter of preference and also depends on your current bed setup. Our Saatva Latex Hybrid mattress is 12" high and can sit directly on top of a platform bed without a foundation. Keep in mind that the top layers are what determine the "feel" of a mattress. The third layer of our Latex Hybrid is made up of 3" of natural latex, which gives the bed its responsive, pressure-free support and buoyant feel. If you prefer a taller bed, you can place your hybrid mattress on our 8.75" foundation and add a metal frame that sits 7.5" off the ground. Are hybrid mattresses good for side sleepers? Yes! The Talalay latex layer in our Saatva Latex Hybrid is particularly great for side sleepers. Its responsive support relieves pressure points on your shoulders and hips by conforming to your body and keeping your spine in healthy alignment. How long do hybrid mattresses last? With normal use, a high-quality hybrid mattress like our Saatva Latex Hybrid should last upwards of 10 years. What if I have a latex allergy? The natural latex we use in some of our mattresses, as well as our Saatva Latex Pillow and Latex Mattress Topper,  goes through a thorough washing process to remove all allergy-causing proteins. Additionally, the latex layer never actually comes into contact with the skin, making it safe even for those with latex allergies. What if I have a wool allergy? The certified organic New Zealand wool used in our Latex Hybrid and Zenhaven mattress is washed five times with fresh water to remove lanolin allergens. Lanolin, a natural substance found in wool, is the most common cause of rare wool allergies. Additionally, the wool layer in our mattresses never actually comes into contact with the skin. It’s underneath our soft cover made with naturally hypoallergenic organic cotton. Do latex mattresses get softer over time? Just like breaking in a new pair of leather shoes, your body might need some time to adapt to a new latex mattress, especially if you've never slept on one before. Because our Zenhaven natural latex mattress are made fresh to order, some customers find that it takes a bit longer for their mattress to relax and feel "just right". That's why we give you a generous 365-night home trial, so there's no pressure to make up your mind quickly. Do Saatva mattresses contain fiberglass or a fiberglass sock? No. We never use fiberglass or toxic chemical flame retardants/barriers in any of our mattresses. Instead, we use either a plant-based flame barrier made of thistle pulp, a Paladin flame barrier made with a blend of poly & rayon fibers, or organic New Zealand wool in our mattresses to meet federal safety standards. See Specifications under "Eco-friendly materials" for more details. What is off gassing? Off gassing is the term for what happens when volatile organic compounds (VOCs) leak out of upholstery materials and mattress foams and into the air you breathe. Some people refer to this as a "new mattress smell" that can range from unpleasant to downright nauseating. Learn more on our blog about off gassing and how Saatva mattresses cut down or completely eliminate this common issue. Do I need to flip over or rotate my mattress regularly? Our Zenhaven, Latex Hybrid, and Solaire mattresses do not need to be rotated from head to foot. This is due to the 5-zone alignment of the latex layer. Our other mattresses can be rotated. We recommend rotating the mattress after six months and then once a year after that. This will ensure that the surface of the mattress breaks in evenly. How do I clean my mattress? As part of regular maintenance, vacuum your mattress at least twice a year to get rid of dust, crumbs, and other icky things that might be living in there. You can also deodorize your mattress by generously sprinkling it with baking soda. Leave it on for a full day and then vacuum it up to refresh your mattress. Tip: Adding a mattress pad over your mattress gives it an added layer of protection from stains, moisture, and debris. Just make sure to wash your mattress pad regularly. For more mattress care tips, check out our blog . What is the best mattress for back pain? Picking the right mattress to help ease back pain starts with assessing your typical sleep position,  then choosing a mattress that best supports you in that position. No matter what kind of mattress you choose, the best mattresses for back pain should include firmer support zones for optimal spinal alignment.

        Every Saatva mattress is engineered with a dedicated lumbar zone support layer to promote healthy spinal alignment for every type of sleeper. Will my Saatva mattress work with my existing box spring or foundation? You can use your existing box spring or foundation if: You purchased your box spring or foundation within the last 7 years.  Your existing box spring or foundation is in good condition and provides sturdy center support.  You don't mind not having a matching foundation.  NOTE: Saatva HD requires pairing with the HD Foundation for adequate support. Saatva mattresses also work with platform beds , without the need for a foundation. Please make sure your existing platform bed has: A solid, durable surface. If your platform has a slatted support system, make sure the slats are spaced less than 4" apart. If they're not, you can add a 1/2" thick piece of plywood to place on top. This extra layer of support is needed because Saatva mattresses are heavier due to their premium quality materials.  A proper center support. This means you must have a center leg in the middle of your platform bed frame.  NOTE: Must add a solid surface over platform slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven latex mattress. If you have any questions, you can reach one of our sleep guides 24/7 at 1-877-672-2882 . Do hybrid mattresses need a box spring or foundation? You don’t need a box spring or foundation if you have a platform bed. Otherwise, if your existing foundation or bed support system is over 7 years old or is sagging or damaged in any way, we suggest getting a high-quality Saatva foundation to get the most out of your new mattress. Your mattress warranty remains in place even when you use your own existing foundation or box spring. What bed frames are Saatva mattresses compatible with? Saatva mattresses are compatible with any bed frame, including our Saatva bed frames. Our dual-sided Zenhaven latex mattresses cannot be placed directly on a platform bed frame with slats. You must cover the slats with a solid material, such as plywood or a bunkie board. Non-platform (standard) bed frames require a foundation and can be paired with any mattress. Note that Saatva HD requires pairing with the HD foundation, which is specifically designed to give it optimal support. What is GOTS? The Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS) is the leading textile processing standard for organic fibers. Fabrics that carry the GOTS symbol must be made with at least 95% organic fiber, free of toxic chemicals, colored with nontoxic dyes, and meet strict social and environmental criteria. Our Saatva Latex Hybrid features 100% GOTS certified organic cotton and wool. What is GOLS? For natural latex to hold the GOLS symbol, it is required to contain a minimum of 95% certified raw organic material. It must also adhere to GOLS limits on harmful chemicals, fillers, and emissions. GOLS tracks latex throughout the supply chain, from harvest to final product, to ensure it is manufactured sustainably. What is eco-INSTITUT? eco-INSTITUT is a German organization responsible for testing products for harmful chemicals. Materials with the eco-INSTITUT certification, like our natural latex, are guaranteed to be free of pollutants and emissions, meaning they won’t off-gas in your home. What is GREENGUARD Gold certified? GREENGUARD Certified products are certified to GREENGUARD standards for low chemical emissions into indoor air during product usage. By purchasing products that carry this certification, you’re helping reduce indoor air pollution and your family’s risk of daily chemical exposure to potentially harmful substances like volatile organic compounds (VOCs), phthalates, and formaldehyde. What's in your exclusive Guardin™ antimicrobial treatment? Our exclusive antimicrobial treatment by Guardin™ is made with a proprietary blend of all-natural essential oils and minerals. This blend includes thyme, geranium, lemongrass, and mint, but is completely odorless and colorless. Added to Saatva’s mattress ticking during the manufacturing process and engineered to last the life of the mattress, Guardin™ naturally inhibits the growth of bacteria, mold, mildew, and the discoloration that they can cause on the surface of a mattress. Guardin™ antimicrobial treatment is biodegradable and does not contain any fluorocarbons, toxic heavy metals, silver nanotechnology, triclosan, formaldehyde or phthalates. What are the benefits of the Extend protection plan? The Extend protection plan provides peace of mind and financial protection for your mattress investment from accidental damage. This plan covers accidental stains and damage NOT covered by the Saatva mattress warranty , such as rips, tears and stains. This plan does not cover theft or damage caused by abuse or misuse. Plans are effective from the day your mattress is delivered. For more info & FAQs about Extend accident protection, check out our Extend page . Can I try your mattresses in person? Yes! Our Saatva Viewing Rooms are inviting, pressure-free spaces to experience Saatva comfort in real life. What is white glove delivery? White glove delivery is the Saatva service standard and comes free with every mattress, bedroom furniture and rug order. While our teams don't actually wear white gloves, we do all the work for you. We hand-deliver your mattress and set it up in the room of your choice. We also take away your old mattress and foundation* if you select the "free mattress & foundation removal" at checkout—all at no extra charge! Typically, mattress orders are delivered from our factories within a 9-21 day time frame, depending on your zip code. Our bedroom furniture is also hand-delivered and assembled (if applicable) and bedroom rugs are delivered and set up in the room of your choice (rug area must be cleared of furniture by customer prior to delivery). You get all this for free as part of our premium white glove delivery service. *Note that there are a few items our delivery teams won't take away the following items: Waterbed bases Standard metal bed frames Sleep Number bases Stained and/or damaged mattresses & foundations/box springs What if I need to return my mattress? If you aren't completely happy with your Saatva mattress during your 365-night home trial, just give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 . We’ll schedule a pick up of your mattress and issue a refund for the purchase price (taxes included) to your original method of payment. You’ll only pay a $99 processing fee and we’ll take care of the rest! We never resell returned mattresses. Instead, we donate them to veterans' shelters or offer them to employees and associates across our network of more than 150 delivery centers. Our Crib Mattress is an exception with a 45-day free return. What if I need to exchange my mattress? If you decide to exchange your mattress for another Saatva mattress during your 365-night home trial, just give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 . We’ll schedule a pick up of your mattress and start the exchange process. You’ll only pay a $99 processing fee for your replacement delivery and mattress pickup, and we’ll take care of the rest! We never resell exchanged mattresses. Instead, we donate them to veterans' shelters or offer them to employees and associates across our network of more than 150 delivery centers.
            Once your new mattress is delivered, a new 365-night home trial begins. We’ve learned that the most common reason people exchange is for a different mattress size or height, so be sure to measure the height of your bed frame, adjustable base, and/or foundation/box spring before ordering. You can also call one of our friendly sleep guides for assistance 24/7. Can I expedite the delivery of my mattress? Every Saatva mattress is made to order, which means they don't sit in storage. Occasionally, we can shorten the delivery time when we have a change or cancellation from another order of the exact same product. This allows us to redirect that freshly made and sealed mattress to you. We’d love to help in any way if you need your mattress faster. Our friendly sleep guides are here for you 24/7 at 1-877-672-2882 . What do I do if I think my mattress feels too firm when I receive it? All of our mattresses are made to order and arrive to you factory fresh. That means the high-quality materials inside them need a little bit of time to soften up. You should notice your new mattress begin to conform to your body after a few days. You may even notice continuing improvement for up to a month. Remember that your body will need some time to adjust to a brand new mattress. If you've been sleeping on an old mattress, your body likely got used to it, even if it didn't provide you with adequate support. That's why we give you a generous 365-night home trial to give you time to acclimate to your new mattress. If after a month or so, you still feel that your mattress is too firm (or too soft), give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 and one of our friendly sleep guides will be happy to help you. Does Saatva offer any discounts to first responders, veterans, active military & more? We offer a year-round $225 discount off orders of $1,000 or more to active military, veterans, first responders, government employees, nurses, teachers, senior citizens & students. To apply the discount, simply click on the "Discount for first responders & more" box at checkout. You will be prompted to register with ID.me to verify your status and receive the discount. Note that your cart will automatically apply the larger discount if there is a promotional sale on Saatva.com that is better than your ID.me discount. We also occasionally offer promotional sales for limited time periods on our products on Saatva.com and Saatva Viewing Rooms. To be one of the first to learn about our latest sales, sign up for our mailing list at our site footer or text BED to SAATVA (722882). You can unsubscribe at any time. Are your phone and store representatives on commission? No. It’s part of our pledge to be honest and transparent about what you’re buying. Saatva is committed to giving you honest guidance, even if it means directing you to another mattress brand that’s a better fit for you. In a regular mattress store environment, a commissioned employee makes more money when they sell you a particular brand, so you may get pressured into a choice that’s not right for you. That’s just not the Saatva way. What are the advantages of mattresses that are made in America? Mattresses made in the U.S.A. must meet strict health, safety, and environmental standards. The U.S. and the E.U. have the toughest regulations, but other countries may not offer the same protections. Knowing where your mattress is made makes it easier to ensure that the manufacturer adheres to guidelines that protect workers from danger and exploitation, such as labor regulations and minimum-wage laws. Reputable mattresses manufacturers (like our network of 19 independent factories across the U.S.) also work to minimize environmental impact by incorporating low-carbon-footprint processes and recycled materials into their products. Learn more about the benefits of buying an American-made mattress . + Feel the pure difference What does sleeping on pure, natural latex feel like? With an optimal medium-firm comfort level that supports 95% of sleepers, our Latex Hybrid feels like: Floating into pure, weightless, blissful sleep A sigh of relief for achy backs and joints Sleeping on a cloud Quality you can't stuff in a box Saatva Latex Hybrid is not a bed in a box. Each one is made to order and hand-delivered for free. We even set it up in your room and remove your old mattress. Easier than bed in a box? We think so. Others also bought Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 1 of 12 slide page 1 of 12 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 1 of 4 slide page 1 of 4 Need help deciding? Chat with us Give us a ring Take our mattress quiz Back to top Shop Now