Solaire Adjustable Firmness Mattress
https://saatva.com/mattresses/solaire
Solaire Adjustable Firmness Mattress Sizes: ['Twin XL', 'Full', 'Queen', 'King', 'Split King', 'Cal King', 'Split Cal King', 'Queen Upper-Flex', 'King Upper-Flex']
Solaire Adjustable Firmness Mattress DETAILS:
Home Mattresses Solaire Click to zoom slide page 1 of 6 365-night home trial  Free delivery & setup  Lifetime warranty  Free mattress removal  Solaire Adjustable Firmness Mattress Our luxurious customizable mattress with 50 precise firmness options $3,745 $3,345 Save $400 Select Size Specs Twin XL Full Queen King Split King Cal King Split Cal King Queen Upper-Flex King Upper-Flex Learn more Add Foundation or Adjustable Base Save up to $100  Foundation Adjustable Bases Add Foundation, Current price: $315 Original Price: $345 Durable hardwood construction provides better support than a box spring. Choose height  4.75" 8.75" Add Metal Frame, $129 Steel brace holds foundation and supports mattress. Sits 7.5″ off ground. Mattress cannot sit directly on frame. Solaire is compatible with most foundations, box springs, platform beds, and adjustable bases. Solaire Upper-Flex pairs exclusively with our Adjustable Base Plus Upper-Flex Solaire Split King or Split Cal King pairs exclusively with our Adjustable Base Plus Split King or Cal-King Saatva Adjustable Base $1,245 Our premium remote-controlled base elevates head and feet for customized comfort. No foundation (or boxspring) required. Featuring: Zero-clearance design, can be used without legs on platform bases. Slim profile virtually disappears underneath the mattress Quiet motor Upgrade for $254 more Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Current price: $1,499 Original Price: $1,599 Our deluxe adjustable base elevates head and feet, plus more customized comfort options. No foundation (or boxspring) required. Additional Features: Full-body massage Preset positions Under-bed lighting Wall-hugging design (in Standard option) Adjustable base is only compatible with 11.5" Solaire. We have adjusted your selection. Add a second sheet set Did you know that you should change your sheets at least every 2 weeks? Get a back-up set of our flagship Organic Cotton Sheets while you're here! Organic Sateen Sheet Set  Queen +$255 Experience our flagship organic cotton sheets in a 300-thread count, silky-soft, sateen weave. White Organic Mattress Pad  Queen +$265 Our luxurious diamond-patterned mattress pad in 100% organic cotton is the ultimate in breathable protection and comfort. Save $40 Add 2 High Loft Saatva Latex Pillows Queen (Pair) + Current price: $290 Original Price: $330 With a loft height of 6-7", this pillow is specially suited for side and combination sleepers Subtotal $3,745 $3,345 Add 1 Item to Cart Your Cart 0 items were added to your cart View Cart Proceed to Checkout Bed Bonanza BIG Bedroom Bonanza Sale! 3 DAYS ONLY | Save up to $600 | Ends 8/3 Bed Bonanza BIG Bedroom Bonanza Sale! 3 DAYS ONLY | Save up to $600 | Ends 8/3 |  365-night home trial  Free delivery & setup  Lifetime warranty  Free mattress removal  Overview Benefits Layers Options Service Reviews FAQs Choose mattress size Features 50 precise firmness settings on both sides (in Queen or larger) Luxurious comfort + pressure-relieving support Breathable & cooling for those who sleep hot Virtually no motion transfer (great for couples) Quiet, streamlined components Compatibility The Solaire is compatible with: Foundations or box springs Bed Frames Platform Beds Adjustable Bases* *The Solaire Upper-Flex pairs exclusively with our Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Upper-Flex Solaire Split King & Split Cal King pair exclusively with our Split King & Cal-King adjustable bases Our Service Standard Free in-room delivery & setup Learn more Free mattress removal Learn more 365-night home trial Learn more Lifetime warranty Learn more Features 50 precise firmness settings on both sides (in Queen or larger) Luxurious comfort + pressure-relieving support Breathable & cooling for those who sleep hot Virtually no motion transfer (great for couples) Quiet, streamlined components Compatibility The Solaire is compatible with: Foundations or box springs Bed Frames Platform Beds Adjustable Bases* *The Solaire Upper-Flex pairs exclusively with our Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Upper-Flex Solaire Split King & Split Cal King pair exclusively with our Split King & Cal-King adjustable bases Our Service Standard Free in-room delivery & setup Learn more Free mattress removal Learn more 365-night home trial Learn more Lifetime warranty Learn more Discover other great options Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring $895 - $2,440 $1,095 - $2,790 Loom & Leaf Ultra-Premium Memory Foam $1,095 - $2,840 $1,295 - $3,190 Saatva Latex Hybrid Organic Latex Hybrid Innerspring $1,095 - $2,640 $1,295 - $2,990 slide page 1 of 3 Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring $895 - $2,440 $1,095 - $2,790 Loom & Leaf Ultra-Premium Memory Foam $1,095 - $2,840 $1,295 - $3,190 Saatva Latex Hybrid Organic Latex Hybrid Innerspring $1,095 - $2,640 $1,295 - $2,990 slide page 1 of 1 Put the power of luxurious, personalized sleep in your hands with the most precise adjustable mattress 50 firmness settings + Cooling comfort layers Personalized comfort 50 firmness settings for your perfect comfort level in every sleep position Add the Saatva adjustable base plus for even more comfort options at your fingertips Great for couples Never compromise on comfort again with adjustable firmness on both sides (queen size and larger) Dual air chambers virtually eliminates motion transfer Luxurious Pressure-relieving comfort layers cradle your body in perfect alignment Wake up feeling restored with less aches and pains Breathable Naturally breathable organic cotton and hypoallergenic latex Heat-dispersing gel-infused memory foam helps you sleep cooler Mattress Face-Off:
Saatva vs. Sleep Number See what Consumer Reports has to say about the Saatva Solaire Mattress Read Solaire Review Consumer Reports does not endorse products and services. Experience the ultimate in personalized sleep comfort Personalized Comfort Support Breathability Quiet Performance Less Motion Transfer 50 Precise firmness settings Individual controls let you incrementally set your perfect firmness in any sleep position Uses the most precise scientific standard of pressure, mm/Hg Superior back support and pressure relief for effortless sleep Ergonomically-zoned latex layer for pressure-free support Cushioned Euro pillow top and memory foam layers add even more pressure-relieving comfort Sleep cooler and more comfortably Cover made with organic cotton and a natural latex comfort layer give you ultimate breathability Gel-infused memory foam disperses body heat away to keep you cooler Discreet, streamlined components Hidden in-rail inflator produces less noise No external pumps or hoses cluttering your bedroom Individualized comfort Separate air chambers give each sleeper control over their side's firmness Virtually eliminates all motion transfer Life-changing sleep built into every game-changing layer 1 2 3 4 5 6 Plush & breathable sleep surface Contouring 3" Euro pillow top with Lumbar Zone® Quilting to give you more support in the center third of the mattress where you need it most Cover made with naturally breathable and hypoallergenic organic cotton to promote cooler, healthier sleep Treated with our exclusive Guardin™ botanical antimicrobial treatment to inhibit the growth of bacteria, mold, and mildew No fiberglass or toxic chemical flame retardants, instead we use a Paladin flame barrier made of a poly & rayon blend Buoyant, pressure-free support 1" layer of ergonomic 5-zone natural latex for enhanced lumbar support and pressure-point relief Naturally hypoallergenic, resistant to mold, mildew, and dust mites, and doesn't off-gas Cooling, contouring support CertiPUR-US® certified 2" gel-infused memory foam helps disperse body heat away for cooler sleep Contours to your body for pressure-point relief Moisture barrier for a longer-lasting mattress Moisture barrier layers protect internal mechanical components to prevent bacterial growth Consistent, edge-to-edge comfort No-sink vulcanized air chambers with multi-directional box baffle design Maintains even firmness throughout the mattress to evenly support you from head to toe Quiet, clutter-free performance Reinforced power edge enclosure provides a stable base Houses the quiet air inflator and hoses out of sight and out of your way slide page 1 of 6 Your ultimate sleep comfort at your fingertips Get your most effortless sleep night after night with just a touch of the remote (included for both sides). Learn more Firm Increases the air chamber firmness Press & hold until you reach the setting that feels best Bedfill Fully inflates each air chamber during first use (Note: Each air chamber can only be filled one at a time) Soft Decreases the air chamber firmness Press & hold until you reach the setting that feels best Memory Press & hold for 5 seconds to save your preferred firmness setting Press once to display your stored firmness setting Press twice to fill Solaire to your stored firmness setting An objective comparison Solaire best compares to the Sleep Number360® i10 Smart Bed. We deliver a precisely engineered sleep experience along with luxury premium materials and industry-leading customer service—all without an inflated price tag. See how we compare. Saatva Solaire Sleep Number 360® i10 Smart Bed Firmness Settings More firmness settings means more control over your ideal comfort level. Solaire measures firmness by the most precise scientific standard of pressure, millimeters of mercury (mm/Hg). 50 0–50, in mm/Hg Firmness Settings 20 0-100 in increments of 5 Base Queen Price (excludes promos and taxes) $3,745 remotes included Base Queen Price $5,099 +$39 per remote Delivery, Setup & Mattress Removal FREE Delivery, Setup & Mattress Removal $200 or $90 UPS delivery only for self-setup (self-setup can take a few hours) Warranty Lifetime warranty with full coverage for the first 5 years Warranty 15 -year limited warranty with First 1 year full coverage Show More Get even more personalized comfort options with our Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Solaire Upper‑Flex Solaire Split King/Cal King Solaire Upper-Flex + Adjustable Base Plus Gives each sleeper the freedom to raise the head of the mattress independently Great for alleviating mild snoring, relaxing with a good book, or watching TV at the perfect angle Add a Saatva Adjustable Base Plus, save $100 Solaire Split King/Cal King + Adjustable Base Plus Split King/Cal King Gives each sleeper the freedom to raise the head and the feet of the mattress independently Your most customizable sleep experience ever Add a Saatva Adjustable Base Plus, save $100 Find the right bed setup for you Comfort starts from the ground up. The right bed base not only upgrades your sleep comfort, it can increase the lifespan of your mattress. Let's break down all of the options: platform bed frame slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: A sleek, low-profile look Those who prefer not to use a foundation or box spring Compatible with: Most mattresses NOTE: Must add a solid surface over the slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress. Shop platform bed frames standard bed frame + foundation slide page 1 of 3 Foundation vs. box spring: What’s the difference? A mattress foundation is a new & improved version of the old-fashioned box spring. Foundations use more stable wood support slats, while box springs use bouncier metal coils for support. This setup is great for: Making your bed the focal point of your bedroom Giving added height to your mattress Mattresses that require solid surface support (no slats), like our Zenhaven Latex Mattress & Saatva HD Compatible with: All mattresses (Our Saatva HD requires the HD foundation for optimal support) Shop mattress foundation Shop standard bed frames foundation slide page 1 of 3 Foundation vs. box spring: What’s the difference? A mattress foundation is a new & improved version of the old-fashioned box spring. Foundations use more stable wood support slats, while box springs use bouncier metal coils for support. This setup is great for: Minimalists who want the simplest and least expensive bed setup Those who move often and don’t want to disassemble a large bed frame each time Compatible with: All mattresses (Our Saatva HD requires the HD foundation for optimal support) Optional metal frame sold separately. Shop mattress foundation adjustable base slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: Helping to relieve back & joint pain Those who enjoy reading, watching TV, or working from bed Having the freedom to raise the head and the feet of the mattress independently.* *Feature only available on the Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Split King or Split Cal King sizes* Compatible with: All Saatva mattresses except Saatva Classic 14.5” height & Saatva HD All Saatva bed frames except Sydney Platform Bed Frame Shop adjustable bases platform bed frame standard bed frame + foundation foundation adjustable base slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: A sleek, low-profile look Those who prefer not to use a foundation or box spring Compatible with: Most mattresses NOTE: Must add a solid surface over the slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress. Shop platform bed frames Smart luxury starts with our Saatva service standard Delivery Delivery Free white glove delivery Free in-room setup Free old mattress & foundation removal In-Home Trial In-Home Trial 365-night home trial 24/7 customer service (365 days a year) Returns, Exchanges & Warranty Returns, Exchanges & Warranty Solaire Lifetime warranty Read More 24/7 customer service (365 days a year) No-hassle returns & exchanges* *$99 processing fee charged for returns & exchanges slide page 1 of 3 Don't just take our word for it 97.5% of customers surveyed said they would recommend Saatva to their friends and family* 95% of customers surveyed said that they are sleeping better on their Saatva than on their previous mattress* 90% of customers surveyed said they wake up more refreshed after sleeping on their Saatva than on their previous mattress* 93.1% of customers surveyed said that Saatva helped alleviate their NECK pain* 93.9% of customers surveyed said that Saatva helped alleviate their BACK pain* + Saatva has earned an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau and 96% of Saatva customers are satisfied with their purchase**. See for yourself why we have the highest customer review ratings in the mattress industry. *From a recent Saatva customer satisfaction survey, which we conduct on a regular basis to ensure service, product, and overall quality standards. **Based off Saatva return rates. Customer reviews Specifications FAQs Frequently asked questions Dimensions The Solaire is 13" high and comes in the following standard mattress sizes: Twin XL Full Queen King/Split Cal King/Split 38" x 80" 54" x 75" 60" x 80" 76" x 80" 72" x 84" Twin XL 38" x 80" Full 54" x 75" Queen 60" x 80" King/Split 76" x 80" Cal King/Split 72" x 84" Queen and King Upper-Flex models are split down the top half of the bed. They’re designed to be paired with a Saatva adjustable base Plus so you can raise your head separately from your sleep partner. The split king model is split completely down the middle for maximum customization. When paired with a Saatva adjustable base Plus, you can adjust your head and feet separately from your sleep partner. Made in the U.S.A. Every Saatva mattress is made to order and handcrafted in America with care and pride, using only the highest quality, consciously sourced materials. We could have settled on cheaper materials and produced our products elsewhere for higher profits, but we've never wavered in our commitment to quality. We believe it's the right thing to do for our customers, our American workers, and our economy. Eco-friendly materials Every Solaire adjustable mattress features: Cover made with organic cotton Guardin™ nontoxic, botanical antimicrobial treatment CertiPUR-US® certified foams that meet their standards for health and environmental safety Natural latex that's certified free of toxic chemicals, emissions, and pollutants Paladin flame retardant barrier made from a blend of rayon and polyester fibers with no harmful chemicals added Delivery & setup Sit back and relax while we do all the work. Our free white glove delivery includes in-room delivery and set up. We'll even take away your old mattress at no additional cost to you. Just select free mattress removal at checkout. 365-night home trial At Saatva, we never pressure you to make up your mind quickly. All of our mattresses come with a 365-night home trial, so you have plenty of time to decide whether it’s right for you. If at any point during your home trial you’re not satisfied, just give us a call and we’ll come pick up the mattress and refund your money, less a $99 processing fee to cover our cost of gas and labor for the pickup. That’s it. 50 firmness settings Each side of our Solaire Adjustable Mattress has separate reinforced air chambers that quietly release or inflate at the touch of your remote. It incrementally adjusts the firmness level using the most precise scientific standard of pressure mm/hg (millimeters of mercury). Weight limit Solaire is designed to give optimal support for sleepers weighing up to 500 pounds. Twin XL Solaire mattresses can support up to a total of 500 pounds. Full, queen, king, Cal king, and split king mattresses can support up to 500 pounds on each side. Mattress weights by size Solaire: Twin XL: 85 lbs Full: 106 lbs Queen: 114 lbs King and Cal king: 135 lbs + Do I need special sheets for adjustable beds? No, unless you have an Upper-Flex or split king/cal-king adjustable bed. Queen and king Upper-Flex adjustable mattresses are split down the top half of the bed and need an Upper-Flex fitted sheet tailored with a center edge to accommodate it. split king/cal-king mattresses need a split king sheet that consists of two separate fitted sheets. What are the pros and cons of an adjustable bed? The main reason people splurge on an adjustable air mattress is for chronic back pain relief. If you share a bed with a partner and you both have different preferences for mattress firmness, an adjustable air mattress can be a true game changer. It allows both people to precisely select the perfect comfort level they need so nobody has to compromise on comfort. When paired with our Saatva Adjustable Base Plus, our Solaire Adjustable Mattress gives you even more comfort options by allowing you to raise your head and/or feet to get into a position that's most comfortable for you. Although adjustable air mattresses can do wonders in improving the quality of your sleep, they can be significantly more expensive than other mattress types. If you get an Upper-Flex model, there's also the additional cost of an adjustable base to accomodate for this feature. How do I find my ideal comfort level? With 50 precise firmness options, it might take some time to find the setting that feels the best to you. We recommend choosing a setting and sleeping on it for a week. If, after a week, you decide that particular comfort level isn't right for you, then experiment with different settings. Also keep in mind that your needs might change depending on things like injuries and temporary aches & pains. That's what makes an adjustable air mattress like Solaire so unique. It allows you to adjust your bed's firmness based on your specific needs. Do the air chambers deflate or lose air? Solaire's air chambers will continue to expand slightly for 24 to 48 hours after they've been inflated for the first time. So you may notice that your sheets are a little loose for the first night or two. During the first few days, while the chambers and other components relax and stabilize, the comfort level readout may fluctuate from what you originally set. Simply tap the memory button on your remote to bring it back to your preferred comfort setting. This will resolve within the first week. Can side sleepers use adjustable beds? Yes! Adjustable air mattresses allow you to personalize your bed firmness to find the level that best conforms to your body, taking the pressure off your hips and shoulders and putting your spine in healthy alignment for deep, restful sleep. How long do adjustable beds last? A typical adjustable air mattress should last for 8 or more years with normal use. Because they have mechanical components, you may have to replace or repair one or more of the moving parts down the line. The good news is, our Solaire Adjustable Mattress comes with the most generous warranty for an adjustable air mattress in the industry. All parts are 100% covered for the first five years and all labor is 100% covered for the next 15 years! What is Upper-Flex? Upper-Flex Queen and Upper-Flex King are options for our Solaire adjustable firmness mattress. When paired with our Saatva Adjustable Base Plus in the Upper-Flex option, it gives each sleeper the freedom to raise the head of the bed independently and raise the foot of bed in unison. With the standard queen and king options, the head and feet move together when adjusted. The split on an Upper- Flex measures 30'' down from the head. NOTE: The Upper-Flex is different from a split king, which is two separate twin XLs placed side by side. A split king or split Cal king Solaire gives each sleeper the freedom to raise the head and the feet of the mattress independently, making it our most customizable mattress. Do Saatva mattresses contain fiberglass or a fiberglass sock? No. We never use fiberglass or toxic chemical flame retardants/barriers in any of our mattresses. Instead, we use either a plant-based flame barrier made of thistle pulp, a Paladin flame barrier made with a blend of poly & rayon fibers, or organic New Zealand wool in our mattresses to meet federal safety standards. See Specifications under "Eco-friendly materials" for more details. How do I clean my mattress? As part of regular maintenance, vacuum your mattress at least twice a year to get rid of dust, crumbs, and other icky things that might be living in there. You can also deodorize your mattress by generously sprinkling it with baking soda. Leave it on for a full day and then vacuum it up to refresh your mattress. Tip: Adding a mattress pad over your mattress gives it an added layer of protection from stains, moisture, and debris. Just make sure to wash your mattress pad regularly. For more mattress care tips, check out our blog . What is the best mattress for back pain? Picking the right mattress to help ease back pain starts with assessing your typical sleep position,  then choosing a mattress that best supports you in that position. No matter what kind of mattress you choose, the best mattresses for back pain should include firmer support zones for optimal spinal alignment.

        Every Saatva mattress is engineered with a dedicated lumbar zone support layer to promote healthy spinal alignment for every type of sleeper. Do adjustable beds fit in a regular bed frame? Yes. Just like other types of mattresses, an adjustable air mattress needs to sit on a foundation or platform base for support. For the most customizable sleep experience, we recommend pairing our Solaire Adjustable Mattress with our Saatva Adjustable Base Plus , which is compatible with any type of bed frame. Can I use a headboard with an adjustable bed? Yes. Our Solaire Adjustable Mattress is compatible with bed frames that have an attached headboard. Just make sure your adjustable mattress sits on top of a foundation or our Saatva Adjustable Base Plus when using a non-platform bed frame. Will my Saatva mattress work with my existing box spring or foundation? You can use your existing box spring or foundation if: You purchased your box spring or foundation within the last 7 years.  Your existing box spring or foundation is in good condition and provides sturdy center support.  You don't mind not having a matching foundation.  NOTE: Saatva HD requires pairing with the HD Foundation for adequate support. Saatva mattresses also work with platform beds , without the need for a foundation. Please make sure your existing platform bed has: A solid, durable surface. If your platform has a slatted support system, make sure the slats are spaced less than 4" apart. If they're not, you can add a 1/2" thick piece of plywood to place on top. This extra layer of support is needed because Saatva mattresses are heavier due to their premium quality materials.  A proper center support. This means you must have a center leg in the middle of your platform bed frame.  NOTE: Must add a solid surface over platform slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven latex mattress. If you have any questions, you can reach one of our sleep guides 24/7 at 1-877-672-2882 . What bed frames are Saatva mattresses compatible with? Saatva mattresses are compatible with any bed frame, including our Saatva bed frames. Our dual-sided Zenhaven latex mattresses cannot be placed directly on a platform bed frame with slats. You must cover the slats with a solid material, such as plywood or a bunkie board . Non-platform (standard) bed frames require a foundation and can be paired with any mattress. Note that Saatva HD requires pairing with the HD foundation, which is specifically designed to give it optimal support. What is CertiPUR-US®? Foams that are CertiPUR-US® certified are guaranteed to be low in volatile organic compounds (VOCs), so you don’t have to worry about off-gassing odors. CertiPUR-US certified foams are also guaranteed to be free of ozone depleters, PBDEs, TDCPP, and TCEP flame retardants, mercury, lead, and other heavy metals, formaldehyde, and phthalates. What's in your exclusive Guardin™ antimicrobial treatment? Our exclusive antimicrobial treatment by Guardin™ is made with a proprietary blend of all-natural essential oils and minerals. This blend includes thyme, geranium, lemongrass, and mint, but is completely odorless and colorless. Added to Saatva’s mattress ticking during the manufacturing process and engineered to last the life of the mattress, Guardin™ naturally inhibits the growth of bacteria, mold, mildew, and the discoloration that they can cause on the surface of a mattress. Guardin™ antimicrobial treatment is biodegradable and does not contain any fluorocarbons, toxic heavy metals, silver nanotechnology, triclosan, formaldehyde or phthalates. What are the benefits of the Extend protection plan? The Extend protection plan provides peace of mind and financial protection for your mattress investment from accidental damage. This plan covers accidental stains and damage NOT covered by the Saatva mattress warranty , such as rips, tears and stains. This plan does not cover theft or damage caused by abuse or misuse. Plans are effective from the day your mattress is delivered. For more info & FAQs about Extend accident protection, check out our Extend page . Can I try your mattresses in person? Yes! Our Saatva Viewing Rooms are inviting, pressure-free spaces to experience Saatva comfort in real life. What is white glove delivery? White glove delivery is the Saatva service standard and comes free with every mattress, bedroom furniture and rug order. While our teams don't actually wear white gloves, we do all the work for you. We hand-deliver your mattress and set it up in the room of your choice. We also take away your old mattress and foundation* if you select the "free mattress & foundation removal" at checkout—all at no extra charge! Typically, mattress orders are delivered from our factories within a 9-21 day time frame, depending on your zip code. Our bedroom furniture is also hand-delivered and assembled (if applicable) and bedroom rugs are delivered and set up in the room of your choice (rug area must be cleared of furniture by customer prior to delivery). You get all this for free as part of our premium white glove delivery service. *Note that there are a few items our delivery teams won't take away the following items: Waterbed bases Standard metal bed frames Sleep Number bases Stained and/or damaged mattresses & foundations/box springs What if I need to return my mattress? If you aren't completely happy with your Saatva mattress during your 365-night home trial, just give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 . We’ll schedule a pick up of your mattress and issue a refund for the purchase price (taxes included) to your original method of payment. You’ll only pay a $99 processing fee and we’ll take care of the rest! We never resell returned mattresses. Instead, we donate them to veterans' shelters or offer them to employees and associates across our network of more than 150 delivery centers. Our Crib Mattress is an exception with a 45-day free return. What if I need to exchange my mattress? If you decide to exchange your mattress for another Saatva mattress during your 365-night home trial, just give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 . We’ll schedule a pick up of your mattress and start the exchange process. You’ll only pay a $99 processing fee for your replacement delivery and mattress pickup, and we’ll take care of the rest! We never resell exchanged mattresses. Instead, we donate them to veterans' shelters or offer them to employees and associates across our network of more than 150 delivery centers.
            Once your new mattress is delivered, a new 365-night home trial begins. We’ve learned that the most common reason people exchange is for a different mattress size or height, so be sure to measure the height of your bed frame, adjustable base, and/or foundation/box spring before ordering. You can also call one of our friendly sleep guides for assistance 24/7. Can I expedite the delivery of my mattress? Every Saatva mattress is made to order, which means they don't sit in storage. Occasionally, we can shorten the delivery time when we have a change or cancellation from another order of the exact same product. This allows us to redirect that freshly made and sealed mattress to you. We’d love to help in any way if you need your mattress faster. Our friendly sleep guides are here for you 24/7 at 1-877-672-2882 . What do I do if I think my mattress feels too firm when I receive it? All of our mattresses are made to order and arrive to you factory fresh. That means the high-quality materials inside them need a little bit of time to soften up. You should notice your new mattress begin to conform to your body after a few days. You may even notice continuing improvement for up to a month. Remember that your body will need some time to adjust to a brand new mattress. If you've been sleeping on an old mattress, your body likely got used to it, even if it didn't provide you with adequate support. That's why we give you a generous 365-night home trial to give you time to acclimate to your new mattress. If after a month or so, you still feel that your mattress is too firm (or too soft), give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 and one of our friendly sleep guides will be happy to help you. Does Saatva offer any discounts to first responders, veterans, active military & more? We offer a year-round $225 discount off orders of $1,000 or more to active military, veterans, first responders, government employees, nurses, teachers, senior citizens & students. To apply the discount, simply click on the "Discount for first responders & more" box at checkout. You will be prompted to register with ID.me to verify your status and receive the discount. Note that your cart will automatically apply the larger discount if there is a promotional sale on Saatva.com that is better than your ID.me discount. We also occasionally offer promotional sales for limited time periods on our products on Saatva.com and Saatva Viewing Rooms. To be one of the first to learn about our latest sales, sign up for our mailing list at our site footer or text BED to SAATVA (722882). You can unsubscribe at any time. Are your phone and store representatives on commission? No. It’s part of our pledge to be honest and transparent about what you’re buying. Saatva is committed to giving you honest guidance, even if it means directing you to another mattress brand that’s a better fit for you. In a regular mattress store environment, a commissioned employee makes more money when they sell you a particular brand, so you may get pressured into a choice that’s not right for you. That’s just not the Saatva way. What are the advantages of mattresses that are made in America? Mattresses made in the U.S.A. must meet strict health, safety, and environmental standards. The U.S. and the E.U. have the toughest regulations, but other countries may not offer the same protections. Knowing where your mattress is made makes it easier to ensure that the manufacturer adheres to guidelines that protect workers from danger and exploitation, such as labor regulations and minimum-wage laws. Reputable mattresses manufacturers (like our network of 19 independent factories across the U.S.) also work to minimize environmental impact by incorporating low-carbon-footprint processes and recycled materials into their products. Learn more about the benefits of buying an American-made mattress . + Smart mattress shopping made easy Free in-room delivery & setup We hand deliver and set up your Saatva mattress in your room for free. We even take away your old mattress and foundation! *Select free mattress removal option at checkout. Learn more 365-night home trial There's no pressure to make up your mind quickly. We give you plenty of time to decide if your new Saatva mattress is right for you. Learn more Lifetime warranties We stand behind the quality of our craftsmanship and materials with a lifetime warranty on our mattresses & bedroom furniture Learn more 24/7 customer support Rest easy. Our team of U.S.-based expert sleep guides are here to help you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. Learn more + Adjustable air explained Join our mailing list and receive a free PDF with more information on adjustable air beds and tips for choosing the right mattress. Enter email address Sign Up Others also bought Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 1 of 12 slide page 1 of 12 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 1 of 4 slide page 1 of 4 Need help deciding? Chat with us Give us a ring Take our mattress quiz Back to top