Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress
https://saatva.com/mattresses/zenhaven
Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress Sizes: ['Twin', 'Twin XL', 'Full', 'Queen', 'King', 'Split King', 'Cal King']
Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress DETAILS:
Home Mattresses Zenhaven Click to zoom slide page 1 of 5 365-night home trial  Free delivery & setup  Lifetime warranty  Free mattress removal  Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress Our dual-sided mattress with organic natural latex for buoyant, pressure-relieving comfort $3,295 $2,945 Save $350 Select Size Specs Twin Twin XL Full Queen King Split King Cal King About Comfort Levels Learn more Add Foundation or Adjustable Base Save up to $100  Foundation Adjustable Bases Add Foundation, Current price: $315 Original Price: $345 Durable hardwood construction provides better support than a box spring. Choose height  4.75" 8.75" Add Metal Frame, $129 Steel brace holds foundation and supports mattress. Sits 7.5″ off ground. Mattress cannot sit directly on frame. Zenhaven requires a solid base. It's compatible with most foundations, box springs, solid platform beds, and adjustable bases. Zenhaven is NOT compatible with slatted bed frames. Saatva Adjustable Base $1,245 Our premium remote-controlled base elevates head and feet for customized comfort. No foundation (or boxspring) required. Featuring: Zero-clearance design, can be used without legs on platform bases. Slim profile virtually disappears underneath the mattress Quiet motor Upgrade for $254 more Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Current price: $1,499 Original Price: $1,599 Our deluxe adjustable base elevates head and feet, plus more customized comfort options. No foundation (or boxspring) required. Additional Features: Full-body massage Preset positions Under-bed lighting Wall-hugging design (in Standard option) Adjustable base is only compatible with 11.5" Zenhaven. We have adjusted your selection. Organic Mattress Pad  Queen +$265 Our luxurious diamond-patterned mattress pad in 100% organic cotton is the ultimate in breathable protection and comfort. Save $40 Add 2 High Loft Saatva Latex Pillows Queen (Pair) + Current price: $290 Original Price: $330 With a loft height of 6-7", this pillow is specially suited for side and combination sleepers Subtotal $3,295 $2,945 Add 1 Item to Cart Your Cart 0 items were added to your cart View Cart Proceed to Checkout Bed Bonanza BIG Bedroom Bonanza Sale! 3 DAYS ONLY | Save up to $600 | Ends 8/3 Bed Bonanza BIG Bedroom Bonanza Sale! 3 DAYS ONLY | Save up to $600 | Ends 8/3 |  365-night home trial  Free delivery & setup  Lifetime warranty  Free mattress removal  Drift into pure, effortless sleep with our natural latex mattress Designed to give you the purest in pressure-free support, our naturally hypoallergenic premium latex mattress is flippable to give you two distinct comfort options. Zenhaven is handcrafted with only the highest quality, natural, nontoxic materials to give you healthier, better quality sleep. Back & joint pain relief 5-zone natural latex gives you enhanced lower back support and pressure-point relief where you need it most. Cool comfort Superbly breathable organic cotton, natural latex, and New Zealand wool naturally regulate your body temperature. Better for you and the planet Made with sustainably sourced, organic & natural materials that are free of potentially harmful chemicals. Discover other great options Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring $895 - $2,440 $1,095 - $2,790 Solaire Adjustable Firmness $2,245 - $4,690 $2,595 - $5,190 Saatva Latex Hybrid Organic Latex Hybrid Innerspring $1,095 - $2,640 $1,295 - $2,990 slide page 1 of 3 Saatva Classic Luxury Hybrid Innerspring $895 - $2,440 $1,095 - $2,790 Solaire Adjustable Firmness $2,245 - $4,690 $2,595 - $5,190 Saatva Latex Hybrid Organic Latex Hybrid Innerspring $1,095 - $2,640 $1,295 - $2,990 slide page 1 of 1 Pure, buoyant, pressure-free comfort built into every layer 1 2 3 4 3 2 Zenhaven is a dual-sided, flippable mattress with a Luxury Plush side and a Gentle Firm side. Supportive & breathable sleep surface Quilted cover made with naturally breathable and hypoallergenic organic cotton to promote cooler, healthier sleep Lumbar Zone® Quilting gives you more support in the center third of the mattress where you need it most Treated with our exclusive Guardin™ botanical antimicrobial treatment to inhibit the growth of bacteria, mold, and mildew Extra layer of comfort & breathability GOTS certified organic New Zealand wool naturally wicks away moisture Regulates body temperature for extra breathability Acts as a natural flame barrier, no fiberglass or toxic chemical flame retardants added Naturally antimicrobial and resistant to dust mites Zoned, pressure-free support with excellent airflow 5-zone natural latex offers enhanced support in the lumbar region Unmatched buoyancy and pressure-point relief Vented airflow channels go through the entire latex layer for superb breathability and cooling Determines the firmness level on either side of the two-sided mattress Naturally hypoallergenic, resistant to mold, mildew, and dust mites, and doesn't off-gas Highly durable latex support cores Natural latex core layers give optimal support and durability No petroleum-based foams added slide page 1 of 4 Zoned for cooler, more comfortable sleep Our exclusive 5-zone latex layer goes beyond the buoyant, durable support of natural latex. Exclusive vented airflow channels allow better circulation throughout for superb breathability. Five ergonomic zones give you enhanced support and pressure relief where you need them most. Choose your comfort level Zenhaven is completely flippable to let you pick the right firmness for you. We've combined two distinct comfort levels into one versatile natural latex mattress. Picking sides is highly encouraged! Luxury Plush 4-5 Want a softer, zero-gravity feel? The Luxury Plush side contours to your body effortlessly to relieve pressure points. It's best for side sleepers but also great for back and combination sleepers. Gentle Firm 7-8 Need something firmer? The Gentle Firm side is 18% firmer to give stomach and back sleepers more uplifting, pressure-free support. Pure comfort starts with pure materials Organic Natural Nontoxic Healthier for the planet We use GOLS certified organic natural latex, our cover is made with highly breathable organic cotton, and our premium New Zealand wool is GOTS certified organic. NO harmful pesticides, GMOs, toxic chemicals, heavy metals, fertilizers, and dyes. NO fiberglass or fiberglass sock flame retardants. Healthier sleep by nature We only use the highest quality sustainably-sourced materials nature has to offer: natural latex, cotton, and wool. NO petroleum-based foams or fibers. Healthier indoor air Breathe easy. Our natural latex mattress is eco-INSTITUT® & GREENGUARD Gold certified free of potentially harmful chemicals, emissions, and pollutants. Plus, we never use chemical flame retardants. Why natural latex? There’s nothing quite like the buoyant, pressure-free support of natural latex. Our latex goes through a washing process to remove all allergy-causing proteins, so all you’re left with is pure, lasting comfort. Zoned firmness 5 ergonomic zones specifically designed to give you enhanced support in the areas you need it most. Durability Latex is the most durable sleep material on the market, outlasting traditional foams and memory foams. Excellent pressure relief Its buoyant, balanced support relieves pressure points for better sleep. Superb breathability Natural latex is more breathable than polyurethane foams or other synthetic comfort foams. Find the right bed setup for you Comfort starts from the ground up. The right bed base not only upgrades your sleep comfort, it can increase the lifespan of your mattress. Let's break down all of the options: platform bed frame slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: A sleek, low-profile look Those who prefer not to use a foundation or box spring Compatible with: Most mattresses NOTE: Must add a solid surface over the slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress. Shop platform bed frames standard bed frame + foundation slide page 1 of 3 Foundation vs. box spring: What’s the difference? A mattress foundation is a new & improved version of the old-fashioned box spring. Foundations use more stable wood support slats, while box springs use bouncier metal coils for support. This setup is great for: Making your bed the focal point of your bedroom Giving added height to your mattress Mattresses that require solid surface support (no slats), like our Zenhaven Latex Mattress & Saatva HD Compatible with: All mattresses (Our Saatva HD requires the HD foundation for optimal support) Shop mattress foundation Shop standard bed frames foundation slide page 1 of 3 Foundation vs. box spring: What’s the difference? A mattress foundation is a new & improved version of the old-fashioned box spring. Foundations use more stable wood support slats, while box springs use bouncier metal coils for support. This setup is great for: Minimalists who want the simplest and least expensive bed setup Those who move often and don’t want to disassemble a large bed frame each time Compatible with: All mattresses (Our Saatva HD requires the HD foundation for optimal support) Optional metal frame sold separately. Shop mattress foundation adjustable base slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: Helping to relieve back & joint pain Those who enjoy reading, watching TV, or working from bed Having the freedom to raise the head and the feet of the mattress independently.* *Feature only available on the Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Split King or Split Cal King sizes* Compatible with: All Saatva mattresses except Saatva Classic 14.5” height & Saatva HD All Saatva bed frames except Sydney Platform Bed Frame Shop adjustable bases platform bed frame standard bed frame + foundation foundation adjustable base slide page 1 of 3 This setup is great for: A sleek, low-profile look Those who prefer not to use a foundation or box spring Compatible with: Most mattresses NOTE: Must add a solid surface over the slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven Natural Latex Mattress. Shop platform bed frames You might also like Saatva Latex Hybrid Mattress Natural & Organic Starting at $1,295 Shop now Specifications FAQs Frequently asked questions Dimensions The Zenhaven is 10" high and comes in the following standard mattress sizes: Twin Twin XL Full Queen King/Split Cal King 38" x 75" 38" x 80" 54" x 75" 60" x 80" 76" x 80" 72" x 84" Twin 38" x 75" Twin XL 38" x 80" Full 54" x 75" Queen 60" x 80" King/Split 76" x 80" Cal King 72" x 84" Made in the U.S.A. Every Saatva mattress is made to order and handcrafted in America with care and pride, using only the highest quality, consciously sourced materials. We could have settled on cheaper materials and produced our products elsewhere for higher profits, but we've never wavered in our commitment to quality. We believe it's the right thing to do for our customers, our American workers, and our economy. Eco-friendly materials Every Zenhaven latex mattress features: Cover made with organic cotton Guardin™ nontoxic, botanical antimicrobial treatment GOLS-certified organic natural latex that's free of toxic chemicals, emissions, and pollutants Flame retardant barrier made from certified organic New Zealand wool (rather than chemical sprays) Delivery & setup Sit back and relax while we do all the work. Our free white glove delivery includes in-room delivery and set up. We'll even take away your old mattress at no additional cost to you. Just select free mattress removal at checkout. 365-night home trial At Saatva, we never pressure you to make up your mind quickly. All of our mattresses come with a 365-night home trial, so you have plenty of time to decide whether it’s right for you. If at any point during your home trial you’re not satisfied, just give us a call and we’ll come pick up the mattress and refund your money, less a $99 processing fee to cover our cost of gas and labor for the pickup. That’s it. Weight limit Zenhaven is designed to give optimal support for sleepers weighing up to 500 pounds. Twin and twin XL Zenhaven mattresses can support up to a total of 500 pounds. Full, queen, king, Cal king, and split king mattresses can support up to 500 pounds on each side. Mattress weights by size Zenhaven: Twin: 80 lbs Twin XL: 82 lbs Full: 100 lbs Queen: 125 lbs King and Cal king: 165 lbs + What is a latex mattress? A latex mattress is made from 100% natural latex from the sap of the rubber tree. A natural latex mattress can last up to 20 years, making it one of the longest-lasting mattress types on the market. Do latex mattresses off-gas? No. Since natural latex is a plant-based material and doesn't emit VOCs (volatile organic compounds), you don't have to worry about chemical odors that come from off gassing. Is a latex mattress good for a bad back? Yes! Latex mattresses are contouring yet responsive, giving you a balance of comfort and support to ensure proper spinal alignment. Our latex mattresses also have enhanced lumbar support to keep your back from sinking out of alignment. For more severe back issues, our natural latex mattress is compatible with an adjustable base , allowing you to lift your legs and head to take more pressure off of your back. Do latex mattresses sleep hot? Latex mattresses have an open cell structure that makes them naturally breathable, so your body stays at a comfortable temperature throughout the night. Our natural latex mattress is made even more breathable thanks to its organic cotton cover and New Zealand wool layer, which is known to naturally regulate body temperature. What's the difference between latex mattresses vs memory foam mattresses? Latex mattresses are made from natural latex whereas memory foam mattresses are made from various types of high-density polyurethane foam. Latex mattresses that are made of 100% natural latex are biodegradable, hypoallergenic, and generally more eco-friendly. While both latex and memory foam mattresses contour to your body's curves and reduce motion transfer, latex mattresses push back more against your weight, giving you a greater sense of buoyancy rather than the "sinking" feeling you might get from some memory foam. Is a latex mattress better than a spring mattress? It depends on your personal preferences and budget. You might sleep better on a natural latex mattress if: you prefer more contouring support with a buoyant feel and less motion transfer you suffer from indoor allergies and want a hypoallergenic mattress that's naturally resistant to dust mites you want a more eco-friendly, biodegradable mattress you want a longer-lasting mattress. A basic innerspring will last around 7-8 years, but a high-quality natural latex mattress can last up to 20 years with normal use. Is latex comfortable to sleep on? Although comfort is highly subjective, here are some key comfort benefits that might lead you to decide on a latex mattress: Latex foam is naturally breathable because of its open cell structure, making it a cooler option if you tend to sleep hot. The 5-zone natural latex we use in our Zenhaven natural latex mattress gives you enhanced lower back support and excellent pressure-point relief for optimal spinal alignment and improved circulation. Latex foam gives you a balance of contouring and responsive support, resulting in a buoyant, almost weightless feel. The unique flippable design of our Zenhaven latex mattress gives you two comfort levels in one What are the benefits of a latex mattress? A natural latex mattress is a great option if you want a balance of contouring and responsive support. If you suffer from indoor allergies, latex mattresses are naturally hypoallergenic and resistant to dust mites. Latex mattresses are also one of the longest-lasting mattresses available, lasting up to 20 years with normal use. How long does a latex mattress last? Up to 20 years with normal use. What if I have a latex allergy? The natural latex we use in some of our mattresses, as well as our Saatva Latex Pillow and Latex Mattress Topper,  goes through a thorough washing process to remove all allergy-causing proteins. Additionally, the latex layer never actually comes into contact with the skin, making it safe even for those with latex allergies. What if I have a wool allergy? The certified organic New Zealand wool used in our Latex Hybrid and Zenhaven mattress is washed five times with fresh water to remove lanolin allergens. Lanolin, a natural substance found in wool, is the most common cause of rare wool allergies. Additionally, the wool layer in our mattresses never actually comes into contact with the skin. It’s underneath our soft cover made with naturally hypoallergenic organic cotton. Do latex mattresses get softer over time? Just like breaking in a new pair of leather shoes, your body might need some time to adapt to a new latex mattress, especially if you've never slept on one before. Because our Zenhaven natural latex mattress are made fresh to order, some customers find that it takes a bit longer for their mattress to relax and feel "just right". That's why we give you a generous 365-night home trial, so there's no pressure to make up your mind quickly. Do Saatva mattresses contain fiberglass or a fiberglass sock? No. We never use fiberglass or toxic chemical flame retardants/barriers in any of our mattresses. Instead, we use either a plant-based flame barrier made of thistle pulp, a Paladin flame barrier made with a blend of poly & rayon fibers, or organic New Zealand wool in our mattresses to meet federal safety standards. See Specifications under "Eco-friendly materials" for more details. What is off gassing? Off gassing is the term for what happens when volatile organic compounds (VOCs) leak out of upholstery materials and mattress foams and into the air you breathe. Some people refer to this as a "new mattress smell" that can range from unpleasant to downright nauseating. Learn more on our blog about off gassing and how Saatva mattresses cut down or completely eliminate this common issue. Do I need to flip over or rotate my mattress regularly? Our Zenhaven, Latex Hybrid, and Solaire mattresses do not need to be rotated from head to foot. This is due to the 5-zone alignment of the latex layer. Our other mattresses can be rotated. We recommend rotating the mattress after six months and then once a year after that. This will ensure that the surface of the mattress breaks in evenly. How do I clean my mattress? As part of regular maintenance, vacuum your mattress at least twice a year to get rid of dust, crumbs, and other icky things that might be living in there. You can also deodorize your mattress by generously sprinkling it with baking soda. Leave it on for a full day and then vacuum it up to refresh your mattress. Tip: Adding a mattress pad over your mattress gives it an added layer of protection from stains, moisture, and debris. Just make sure to wash your mattress pad regularly. For more mattress care tips, check out our blog . What is the best mattress for back pain? Picking the right mattress to help ease back pain starts with assessing your typical sleep position,  then choosing a mattress that best supports you in that position. No matter what kind of mattress you choose, the best mattresses for back pain should include firmer support zones for optimal spinal alignment.

        Every Saatva mattress is engineered with a dedicated lumbar zone support layer to promote healthy spinal alignment for every type of sleeper. What is the best foundation for a latex mattress? Our Zenhaven latex mattress is compatible with most foundations, box springs, platform beds, and adjustable bases. The Zenhaven Lifetime warranty specifies that if your platform bed has slats, it's required that you apply a layer of solid surface (i.e. plywood, masonite board) over the slats to achieve a uniform surface to preserve the longevity and integrity of your two-sided mattress. Will my Saatva mattress work with my existing box spring or foundation? You can use your existing box spring or foundation if: You purchased your box spring or foundation within the last 7 years.  Your existing box spring or foundation is in good condition and provides sturdy center support.  You don't mind not having a matching foundation.  NOTE: Saatva HD requires pairing with the HD Foundation for adequate support. Saatva mattresses also work with platform beds , without the need for a foundation. Please make sure your existing platform bed has: A solid, durable surface. If your platform has a slatted support system, make sure the slats are spaced less than 4" apart. If they're not, you can add a 1/2" thick piece of plywood to place on top. This extra layer of support is needed because Saatva mattresses are heavier due to their premium quality materials.  A proper center support. This means you must have a center leg in the middle of your platform bed frame.  NOTE: Must add a solid surface over platform slats such as plywood, masonite board, or bunkie board, when used with the dual-sided Zenhaven latex mattress. If you have any questions, you can reach one of our sleep guides 24/7 at 1-877-672-2882 . What bed frames are Saatva mattresses compatible with? Saatva mattresses are compatible with any bed frame, including our Saatva bed frames. Our dual-sided Zenhaven latex mattresses cannot be placed directly on a platform bed frame with slats. You must cover the slats with a solid material, such as plywood or a bunkie board . Non-platform (standard) bed frames require a foundation and can be paired with any mattress. Note that Saatva HD requires pairing with the HD foundation, which is specifically designed to give it optimal support. What is GOTS? The Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS) is the leading textile processing standard for organic fibers. Fabrics that carry the GOTS symbol must be made with at least 95% organic fiber, free of toxic chemicals, colored with nontoxic dyes, and meet strict social and environmental criteria. Our Zenhaven Latex Mattress features 100% GOTS certified organic cotton and wool. What is eco-INSTITUT? eco-INSTITUT is a German organization responsible for testing products for harmful chemicals. Materials with the eco-INSTITUT certification, like our natural latex, are guaranteed to be free of pollutants and emissions, meaning they won’t off-gas in your home. What is GREENGUARD Gold certified? GREENGUARD Certified products are certified to GREENGUARD standards for low chemical emissions into indoor air during product usage. By purchasing products that carry this certification, you’re helping reduce indoor air pollution and your family’s risk of daily chemical exposure to potentially harmful substances like volatile organic compounds (VOCs), phthalates, and formaldehyde. What's in your exclusive Guardin™ antimicrobial treatment? Our exclusive antimicrobial treatment by Guardin™ is made with a proprietary blend of all-natural essential oils and minerals. This blend includes thyme, geranium, lemongrass, and mint, but is completely odorless and colorless. Added to Saatva’s mattress ticking during the manufacturing process and engineered to last the life of the mattress, Guardin™ naturally inhibits the growth of bacteria, mold, mildew, and the discoloration that they can cause on the surface of a mattress. Guardin™ antimicrobial treatment is biodegradable and does not contain any fluorocarbons, toxic heavy metals, silver nanotechnology, triclosan, formaldehyde or phthalates. What are the benefits of the Extend protection plan? The Extend protection plan provides peace of mind and financial protection for your mattress investment from accidental damage. This plan covers accidental stains and damage NOT covered by the Saatva mattress warranty , such as rips, tears and stains. This plan does not cover theft or damage caused by abuse or misuse. Plans are effective from the day your mattress is delivered. For more info & FAQs about Extend accident protection, check out our Extend page . Can I try your mattresses in person? Yes! Our Saatva Viewing Rooms are inviting, pressure-free spaces to experience Saatva comfort in real life. What is white glove delivery? White glove delivery is the Saatva service standard and comes free with every mattress, bedroom furniture and rug order. While our teams don't actually wear white gloves, we do all the work for you. We hand-deliver your mattress and set it up in the room of your choice. We also take away your old mattress and foundation* if you select the "free mattress & foundation removal" at checkout—all at no extra charge! Typically, mattress orders are delivered from our factories within a 9-21 day time frame, depending on your zip code. Our bedroom furniture is also hand-delivered and assembled (if applicable) and bedroom rugs are delivered and set up in the room of your choice (rug area must be cleared of furniture by customer prior to delivery). You get all this for free as part of our premium white glove delivery service. *Note that there are a few items our delivery teams won't take away the following items: Waterbed bases Standard metal bed frames Sleep Number bases Stained and/or damaged mattresses & foundations/box springs What if I need to return my mattress? If you aren't completely happy with your Saatva mattress during your 365-night home trial, just give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 . We’ll schedule a pick up of your mattress and issue a refund for the purchase price (taxes included) to your original method of payment. You’ll only pay a $99 processing fee and we’ll take care of the rest! We never resell returned mattresses. Instead, we donate them to veterans' shelters or offer them to employees and associates across our network of more than 150 delivery centers. Our Crib Mattress is an exception with a 45-day free return. What if I need to exchange my mattress? If you decide to exchange your mattress for another Saatva mattress during your 365-night home trial, just give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 . We’ll schedule a pick up of your mattress and start the exchange process. You’ll only pay a $99 processing fee for your replacement delivery and mattress pickup, and we’ll take care of the rest! We never resell exchanged mattresses. Instead, we donate them to veterans' shelters or offer them to employees and associates across our network of more than 150 delivery centers.
            Once your new mattress is delivered, a new 365-night home trial begins. We’ve learned that the most common reason people exchange is for a different mattress size or height, so be sure to measure the height of your bed frame, adjustable base, and/or foundation/box spring before ordering. You can also call one of our friendly sleep guides for assistance 24/7. Can I expedite the delivery of my mattress? Every Saatva mattress is made to order, which means they don't sit in storage. Occasionally, we can shorten the delivery time when we have a change or cancellation from another order of the exact same product. This allows us to redirect that freshly made and sealed mattress to you. We’d love to help in any way if you need your mattress faster. Our friendly sleep guides are here for you 24/7 at 1-877-672-2882 . What do I do if I think my mattress feels too firm when I receive it? All of our mattresses are made to order and arrive to you factory fresh. That means the high-quality materials inside them need a little bit of time to soften up. You should notice your new mattress begin to conform to your body after a few days. You may even notice continuing improvement for up to a month. Remember that your body will need some time to adjust to a brand new mattress. If you've been sleeping on an old mattress, your body likely got used to it, even if it didn't provide you with adequate support. That's why we give you a generous 365-night home trial to give you time to acclimate to your new mattress. If after a month or so, you still feel that your mattress is too firm (or too soft), give us a call at 1-877-672-2882 and one of our friendly sleep guides will be happy to help you. Does Saatva offer any discounts to first responders, veterans, active military & more? We offer a year-round $225 discount off orders of $1,000 or more to active military, veterans, first responders, government employees, nurses, teachers, senior citizens & students. To apply the discount, simply click on the "Discount for first responders & more" box at checkout. You will be prompted to register with ID.me to verify your status and receive the discount. Note that your cart will automatically apply the larger discount if there is a promotional sale on Saatva.com that is better than your ID.me discount. We also occasionally offer promotional sales for limited time periods on our products on Saatva.com and Saatva Viewing Rooms. To be one of the first to learn about our latest sales, sign up for our mailing list at our site footer or text BED to SAATVA (722882). You can unsubscribe at any time. Are your phone and store representatives on commission? No. It’s part of our pledge to be honest and transparent about what you’re buying. Saatva is committed to giving you honest guidance, even if it means directing you to another mattress brand that’s a better fit for you. In a regular mattress store environment, a commissioned employee makes more money when they sell you a particular brand, so you may get pressured into a choice that’s not right for you. That’s just not the Saatva way. What are the advantages of mattresses that are made in America? Mattresses made in the U.S.A. must meet strict health, safety, and environmental standards. The U.S. and the E.U. have the toughest regulations, but other countries may not offer the same protections. Knowing where your mattress is made makes it easier to ensure that the manufacturer adheres to guidelines that protect workers from danger and exploitation, such as labor regulations and minimum-wage laws. Reputable mattresses manufacturers (like our network of 19 independent factories across the U.S.) also work to minimize environmental impact by incorporating low-carbon-footprint processes and recycled materials into their products. Learn more about the benefits of buying an American-made mattress . + Get comfortable from day one with our Saatva service standard Free white glove delivery & setup Sit back and relax while we do all the work. We’ll hand-deliver your mattress to your room and even take away your old mattress for free.* *Select mattress removal option at checkout. Learn more 365-night home trial It takes more than just first impressions to get really comfortable with your new mattress. That's why we give you a full year to sleep on it before you decide. See details Quality you can't stuff in a box Zenhaven Latex is not a bed in a box. Each one is made to order and hand-delivered for free. We even set it up in your room and remove your old mattress. Easier than bed in a box? We think so. Don't just take our word for it 97.5% of customers surveyed said they would recommend Saatva to their friends and family* 95% of customers surveyed said that they are sleeping better on their Saatva than on their previous mattress* 90% of customers surveyed said they wake up more refreshed after sleeping on their Saatva than on their previous mattress* 93.1% of customers surveyed said that Saatva helped alleviate their NECK pain* 93.9% of customers surveyed said that Saatva helped alleviate their BACK pain* + Saatva has earned an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau and 96% of Saatva customers are satisfied with their purchase**. See for yourself why we have the highest customer review ratings in the mattress industry. *From a recent Saatva customer satisfaction survey, which we conduct on a regular basis to ensure service, product, and overall quality standards. **Based off Saatva return rates. Customer reviews Others also bought Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 1 of 12 slide page 1 of 12 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 Organic Sateen Sheet Set Silky-soft • 100% organic cotton $175 - $295 Graphite Memory Foam Topper Cooling • Body-hugging feel $325 - $650 Santorini Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,295 - $1,395 $1,495 - $1,695 Graphite Memory Foam Pillow Contouring support • For side sleepers $165 - $370 All-Year Down Alternative Comforter Plush comfort • Percale cotton cover $235 - $365 Minori Standard bed frame • Foundation required $1,495 - $1,695 $1,795 - $1,995 Percale Sheet Set Crisp & cool • 100% long staple cotton $115 - $225 Down Alternative Pillow Plush, airy feel • For combination sleepers $115 - $270 Valencia Platform bed frame • No foundation required $1,395 - $1,595 $1,695 - $1,895 Mattress Pad Added comfort & protection • Organic cotton $195 - $390 Saatva Latex Pillow Responsive & breathable • For all sleepers $165 - $370 Saatva Adjustable Base Plus Weightless support plus full body massage & more $1,049 - $2,248 $1,249 - $2,598 1 of 4 slide page 1 of 4 Back to top